The polling tells a different story than the election fundamentals, though. The 538 polling model gives Democrats an 80 percent chance of losing between two and 30 seats in the House and an 80 percent chance of either losing four seats or gaining two seats in the Senate. Meanwhile, the models over at The Economist give Democrats a five point higher chance of keeping a majority in the House at 23 percent and a two point lower chance of winning a majority in the Senate at 45 percent. This is considerably more optimistic for Democrats than the fundamentals. There are plenty of reasons why outcomes of this election might be less conventional than previous midterms, primarily because voter approval of both parties is low. On one hand, prevailing narratives around things like inflation aren't favorable for President Joe Biden, which trickles down to his party. On the other hand, the GOP has elevated underqualified extreme candidates on the backs of endorsements of Donald Trump, who himself is even more unpopular than President Biden. Most Republican candidates continue to lie about election fraud, and about 70 percent of Republicans polled agree with them. However, over 60 percent of independents polled agree that Biden was legitimately elected, a number that shows just how powerful authoritarianism in the United States has become, by the way. Likewise, only 30 percent of Americans polled approve of the Supreme Court overturning Roe v. Wade, and 74 percent of Democratic or Democratic leaning voters in anti-abortion states polled said that they were more motivated to vote now. However, only 14 percent of voters polled say abortion is top of mind for them when they think about voting in November. Ultimately, with opposite outcomes well within the margin of error in these polling models, it will once again come down to turnout. More than 8 million new voters have aged into eligibility since the last election. These voters are significantly more diverse than the electorate, and they approve of President Biden at a much higher rate than the electorate. But it's harder to turn out first time voters because they haven't done it before. And the youth vote doesn't have even geographic distribution. Also, Republicans have been making gains among parts of the demographic core of the Democratic Party, including Hispanic voters and black male voters. So turnout is anything but predictable.