This was the expectation going into the election last night. Here's what you need to know about how Democrats way overperformed in the House and why they might actually have a chance to keep their majority. Okay, as a reminder, this is what the balance of power looked like in Congress going into election day yesterday. Democrats have a super narrow majority in the House. It's actually the narrowest majority either party has had going back decades. So Republicans only needed to flip five seats in order to gain control. Since World War II, the average loss in the midterms for a party in power has been 28 seats. So all in all, the odds looked really good for Republicans, especially because before anyone even voted, Republicans were starting out with a boost from redistricting. As this chart from a major elections analyst shows, Republicans were poised to pick up five seats alone just from Georgia, Florida, and Tennessee's gerrymandering. And that's before even getting into these Democratic held seats that most analysts rated as likely to flip. But election night is not predetermined and a couple unexpected things happened last night. Republicans did pick up those gerrymandered districts and they picked off a couple deep red seats that everyone expected them to. But once you got out of that easy pickup territory, Democrats started to way overperform expectations. Again, remember this chart is a projection. It's what one analyst thought was going to happen. This analyst rated 21 Democratic held seats as leaning Republican. So far, Republicans have only flipped four of those seats. And just as importantly, Democrats have flipped four of the Republican seats that are in that column, canceling each other out. And also unexpectedly, as the night went on, Democrats actually took the lead in two districts in Colorado and Washington that no one really expected them to win because Donald Trump actually won them in 2020. One of them is the district of Congresswoman Lauren Boebert, who you might know as being a QAnon sympathizer who once called for abolishing the separation of church and state. Now, it wasn't all amazing news for Democrats. In New York, they really performed poorly, losing several districts that Biden won pretty comfortably. But that was really the only state where they underperformed expectations. Basically everywhere else, they defied basically everyone's predictions. So as of this afternoon, here's where it looks like we stand. Republicans have picked up 14 seats, Democrats have picked up seven. It's a net gain of seven for Republicans, two more than they need to take the House. But there are also a lot of races still not yet called and a lot of uncertainty. So here are some districts to keep an eye on in the coming hours and days. One in Oregon, in which Democrats currently hold the seat but are narrowly trailing. Two in Washington and Colorado that we just talked about, in which Republicans hold the seats but are narrowly trailing. And then four in Southern California. Biden won two of those California districts by double digits, one by single digits, and Trump won one by one point. And the House majority could come down to how those go. So look, we have a bit of ways still to go. There are a lot of races still to be called. At this point, Republicans are probably the slight favorite for control, but only slight. There is a real chance that Democrats could keep control of the House. And the fact that we are saying that the day after the election really underscores the fact that the bottom line here is this is a night that went way different for Republicans than they expected.