There's one presidential election in American history where the winner didn't win either the popular vote or the electoral vote, and that's the election of 1824. By this point, the Democratic-Republican Party had been the only major party in the U.S. for several years. But an unintended consequence of this is the party just split off into separate factions. Incumbent President James Monroe declined to seek a third term, and since the last three presidents had all been secretaries of state, John Quincy Adams was seen as an obvious candidate. In past elections, congressmen from each party generally picked the party's nominee, and congressional Democratic-Republicans actually didn't pick Adams, going with Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford instead. But less than a third of their congressmen even showed up to vote. This was seen as unfair, especially because this was the first election in which non-landowning white men could vote, and they viewed this as the elites discounting their voice. Perhaps this explained the rise of Andrew Jackson, a senator from Tennessee, an 1812 war hero who originally wanted to retire, but was nominated by the Tennessee legislature and decided to give it a try. Adams still wanted to run, as did House Speaker Henry Clay, and both were nominated by the state legislatures in their home states. Secretary of War John C. Calhoun also originally ran, but he dropped out, and both Adams and Jackson nominated him as their running mate. Meanwhile, Crawford went with Nathaniel Macon, a senator from North Carolina, as his running mate, and Clay picked Nathan Sanford, the top judge in New York State. This election was a mess, four candidates all from the same party with regional support, and this ended up being the electoral map. By this point, 18 states used some form of a popular vote, while only six didn't. Jackson won this by a decent margin because he was seen as the candidate of the common man and not the elite, and had broad support among the poorer white men who could not vote. Jackson also got the most electoral votes, but the Constitution requires the winner to get a majority, which Jackson failed to do. So the election went to the House of Representatives for the second and most recent time in American history. Since only the top three candidates are allowed to be considered in a contingent election, Clay was eliminated, and him falling short by just four electoral votes turned out to be pretty important. If the House picks the president, each state gets one vote, not each representative. Despite the fact that Jackson thought he would win because he won the popular vote, Adams easily won on the first ballot, winning 13 state delegations. Jackson and his supporters were enraged, especially because it was widely rumored that Clay whipped support for Adams in exchange for Adams making him Secretary of State if he won, which is exactly what ended up happening. Adams offered Jackson Secretary of War, but he was so pissed that he not only declined it, but resigned his Senate seat later in 1825 so that he could focus on a rematch with Adams for the 1828 election. The whole process was so divisive that it broke the Democratic-Republican Party for good, and this would be the last election they participated in before they split into new parties.