Well folks, Ohio really sucks. Ohio is one of the most gerrymandered states in the country and the Republican supermajority has shown time and again that it could give a fuck about democracy. Mm-hmm. Yeah, on Tuesday the people of Ohio voted by a 13-point margin to enshrine abortion access and other reproductive rights into the state's Constitution. And this was after the bloated Republican supermajority tried to use all kinds of shenanigans to keep the issue from getting on the ballot in the first place. Republicans tried to block the abortion measure by making it harder to amend the Ohio Constitution and voters showed up on an off-year August election to smack that shit down. They also tried to force abortion rights supporters to collect more signatures and they came up with some pretty sneaky ballot language that totally mischaracterized the amendment. Still, voters told them to fuck off and chose abortion rights by a massive 13-point margin. But in gerrymandered Ohio, democracy shamocracy, right? Republicans stopped playing fair a long time ago. At this point they're like Bobos at Betelgeuse openly molesting the Ohio Constitution and by proxy the voters. Yeah. So after losing on Tuesday, Ohio Republicans rolled up their cheating sleeves and sat down to a nice fat greasy cheater feast where they invoked the will of God, tucked their paper napkins under their nasty necks and helped themselves to another helping of bloated Republican bullshit. Ohio GOP lawmakers are done with the voters. They want to block abortion rights by going after Ohio's judiciary powers. Issue 1, the ballot measure in Ohio, added an amendment to the state's Constitution that would override an archaic law banning abortion after about six weeks. Among other things, issue 1 enshrines the right to have an abortion until fetal viability, generally 21 to 22 weeks. In order to override the six-week ban, the Ohio Supreme Court would need to rule on all of the previous restrictions that are at odds with the freedoms enshrined in the new amendment. If the bloated Republican supermajority takes a few bites out of the court's jurisdiction, then voila! The cheaters feast will be a success and Ohio's bloated Republican supermajority fat cats can share a good guffaw at the earnest efforts of the lowly electorate while stepping on the voters necks. Mm-hmm. Those Ohio peons, they don't seem to understand how important it is for bloated Republicans to correct God's work when he gets it wrong. The gluttonous Ohio GOP have announced, to prevent mischief by pro abortion courts with issue 1, Ohio legislators will consider removing jurisdiction from the judiciary over this ambiguous ballot initiative. That pesky pro-abortion mischief! Such tomfoolery! Such monkey business! Calling the gluttonous GOP gods to put an end to that Democratic hanky-panky! Blessed be the fruit, right? Well folks, stay tuned. There's a lot riding on this. If the Ohio bloated Republican supermajority gets to open their bowels on the system again, then their shit stain will inevitably spread across the country because grifters stick together. And there are several other fat-fingered states who are looking to sit down for the same feast if the pompous pricks in Ohio can pull this one off. Mm-hmm. Well bloated Republican supermajority in Ohio, have a day. Have a fucking day. Mm-hmm.