So let me ask you this, there's families of victims here today. Have you apologized to the victims? Would you like to do so now? Well, they're here, you're on national television. Would you like now to apologize to the victims who have been harmed by your product? Show them the pictures. Would you like to apologize for what you've done to these good people? And this is why we invested so much in you, doing these three big efforts to make sure that no one has to go through the types of things that your families have had to suffer. You know, why, Mr. Zuckerberg, why should your company not be sued for this? Why is it that you can claim, you hide behind a liability shield, you can't be held accountable? Shouldn't you be held accountable personally? Will you take personal responsibility? Senator, I think I've already answered this. I mean, this is, these are serious issues. Well, try this again. Will you take personal responsibility? Senator, I view my job and the job of our company as building the best tools that we can to keep our community safe. Well, you're failing at that. Well, Senator, we're doing an industry-leading effort. We build AI tools that... Oh, nonsense. Your product is killing people. Will you personally commit to compensating the victims? You're a billionaire. Will you commit to compensating the victims? Will you set up a compensation fund with your money? Senator, I think these are... With your money. Senator, these are complicated issues. No, that's not a complicated question. No, that's a yes or no. Will you set up a victim's compensation fund with your money? The money you made on these families sitting behind you, yes or no? Senator, I don't think that that's... My job is to make sure that we build good tools. My job is to make sure that... Your job is to be responsible for what your company has done. You've made billions of dollars on the people sitting behind you here. You've done nothing to help them. You've done nothing to compensate them. You've done nothing to put it right. You could do so here today, and you should. You should, Mr. Zuckerberg.