state where honestly they shouldn't even be worried about considering how blue it was four years ago, but this is a state that Kamala Harris cannot take for granted. Maine will be a likely Democratic state. And the final likely blue state on our map, the final state where Kamala Harris has an over 70% chance at winning, is the state of New Hampshire. She has a 3-in-4 chance, 76%, to Donald Trump's 24. New Hampshire can definitely also get competitive, as seen in 2016, when Hillary Clinton won it by just 0.37%. The granite state was less than half a percentage point from flipping in favor of the Republicans, a state that Republicans haven't won since 2000. So a Trump victory there in 2024 would be a pretty big deal. He definitely has a good chance. 24% is nothing to laugh at, but New Hampshire right now is still favored for Harris and it will be the final likely blue state on our map. And so with all of the solid and likely states filled in for Vice President Harris, she has 225 electoral votes. However, for Trump, we have one likely state, but many lean states that is going to help fill up that deficit. So in North Carolina, this is a state the GOP is heavily favored to win. Donald Trump has a 74% chance at winning. Now, if you really want to get a better perspective as to just how much better Donald Trump is doing this time than he did four years ago, compare states where he has a 75% chance at either winning or losing. North Carolina, a state that Trump has a 3 in 4 chance at winning, he won in the last election by just 1.3%. Compare that to a state like New Hampshire, a state that Joe Biden carried by 7%, but he only has, again, a 3 in 4 chance at winning. So Donald Trump, in a state that he narrowly, narrowly won four years ago in North Carolina, he is now by far the favored to win. 74 to 25, the former president is going to win the Tar Heel state. If Kamala Harris wins North Carolina, she'll win the election, but that is probably not going to happen. The state hasn't voted blue since 2008, and it's not going to do so in 2024. North Carolina is our only likely Republican state. And so with all the likely and solid states filled in, Trump will take back his lead with 235 electoral votes. We now have six states remaining as well as the 2nd District of Maine, but it really is in these six states that the election will be decided. Both candidates need to win most of these states at the very least to get to 270 electoral votes. We're going to begin though by filling in the 2nd District of Nebraska. Kamala Harris has a 66% chance at winning, so it will be lean blue. However, it can definitely still go red. Donald Trump did win the district back in 2016. Now, there are no remaining blue lean states on this map. All the other ones are either going to win.