is the favorite, and we will be giving her the state's five electoral votes. Next up, we have Virginia, a state Biden probably would have lost if he had stayed in the race. In fact, the odds for the incumbent president here went as low as 57% right before he dropped out. But with Kamala Harris down in the race, Democrats are doing slightly better. They have an 85% chance at holding onto a state that they won by a double-digit margin four years ago. Virginia was shifting to the left throughout most of the early 2000s and the 2010s. However, in just the last four years, it has shown signs of going back to the right. Before 2008, Virginia was a generally conservative state. However, in 2021, despite having gone to the left for over a decade, the state elected a Republican governor in Glenn Youngkin. And so Trump is on track to performing better than he did here four years ago, as polling for Harris in Virginia hasn't been the greatest. The Commonwealth of Virginia is also going to be likely blue. And so will New Hampshire, a state that has been close in the past, especially in 2016. Trump came within half a percentage point of defeating Hillary Clinton in the granite state. But today, Kamala Harris does have a slight edge, with an 82% chance at holding onto a state Biden won by seven points in the last election. And the final likely blue state is going to be the state of Maine. It's two at large votes are expected to go to the vice president. She has an 83% chance at winning here. So Maine will be likely blue. And so will the second district of Nebraska. Kamala Harris has a 78% chance at holding onto the district that Biden flipped in 2020. Before we continue, only 12% of you guys are actually subscribed. So please take the time to subscribe right now for more content like this leading up to the election in November. We're now going to get into the likely states for the former president states. He has between a 75 to a 95% chance at winning. And so some of these are going to be pretty obvious. I mean, starting off in Alaska, of course, Trump is going to win here for a third time in a row. He has a 91% chance at holding onto the state. So Alaska is going to be likely red. We also have Iowa and Ohio, two states that used to be part of the Obama coalition in both 2008 and 2012. In 08, Obama won Iowa by nearly 10 points and Ohio by nearly five. In 2012, he did slightly worse, but still won them by comfortable margins. Fast forward just four years. In 2016, Trump flips both of these states and wins them by larger margins. Iowa by 9.4, Ohio by 8.1. They are now firmly within the Republican categories. Just look at Iowa. Trump has a 92% chance at winning. Ohio, Trump has an 88% chance at victory. So there's no doubt Trump is going to win Iowa and Ohio for a third time in a row. The second district of Maine, Trump has a 78% chance.