Nostradamus predicted the 2024 presidential election, and his vision will shake you to the core. In the middle of all the noise, the heated debates, and the non-stop media frenzy surrounding the 2024 presidential election, there's a whisper that's growing louder, a whisper that reaches across centuries. It's a name you've heard before, maybe in hushed conversations or conspiracy theories. Nostradamus, this man from 500 years ago, is said to have seen the future, and what he saw for us for this very moment in history might leave you breathless. We all want answers. We all want some kind of reassurance that everything is going to be okay, that we're not hurtling towards some unimaginable disaster. And yet, when you look into Nostradamus' prophecies about the election that's right in front of us, you can't help but feel a lump in your throat, because it doesn't feel like everything is going to be okay. There's a quatrain that stops people in their tracks. The great, shameless, audacious brawler. He will be elected governor of the army. The boldness of his contention. The bridge broken. The city faint from fear. You know who that sounds like. It's the man who never really left the national conversation, no matter how much some of us wanted him to. It's Trump. And for those who believe in Nostradamus' visions, this isn't about his victory in 2016. No, this could be something much bigger. Something that's still to come in 2024. But this isn't just a victory they're talking about. The word that stands out the most, oh, fear. The city is faint from fear. Our city. Our country. What could be coming that's so terrifying? Is this a prediction that Donald Trump will return to power? Or is it a sign that his bold, relentless fight will lead us into something far darker? Something none of us are ready for? And then there's Joe Biden. Every day you see it in his eyes. The weight of the presidency. The constant scrutiny. The questions about whether he has the strength to do this again. And as much as you want to believe in him, as much as you hope he can keep going, Nostradamus' words keep creeping in. A great leader will fall and rise again. A kingdom torn, but hope not in vain. Could this be about Biden's collapse, political, physical, or both? Could the fall Nostradamus speaks of be Biden's struggle to hold on as the weight of the world rests on his shoulders? But then, rise again? Does that mean there's still hope? That somehow, even if he falters, he'll find a way to win? You feel a pull in your heart, a sense of uncertainty that leaves you wanting to believe. But also fearing the worst. And then, there's the most haunting prophecy of all. You might have tried to brush it off when you first read it, but deep down you couldn't. It felt too real. The heavens will rain fire and blood. The pillars of power will fall to mud. The eagle-wounded cries will be heard. But from ashes there comes a third. The eagle-wounded. That's us. That's America. You can't help but feel a chill when you think about what this could mean. The nation, our democracy, the very pillars that hold us together, falling to mud. Everything we've built, everything we stand for, breaking apart, crumbling. But then, the line that stays with you. From ashes, there comes a third. What does that mean? Is it a new leader, a new hope? Or is it something else, something we can't even fathom yet? As much as you want to cling to the idea of hope, Nostradamus' vision of a broken America, the wounded eagle crying out, won't leave your mind. Could it be that 2024 is the year we truly fall apart? In the end, Nostradamus' prophecies aren't just words on a page. They're feelings. They're emotions. They tap into that deep part of you that's afraid of what's coming. We all want to believe that things will get better. That the right leader will rise. That this election will be the one to finally heal the wounds that have been festering in this country for so long. But then there's the doubt. There's that gnawing voice that says, what if this is it? What if this is the breaking point Nostradamus warned us about? What if we're already too far gone? We're standing on the edge of something. You can feel it, can't you? You've seen the signs on the news, in the streets, in the way people talk to each other now, with anger and fear. And as much as you want to believe we'll pull through, Nostradamus' words hang in the air like a dark cloud. So now you're left with a choice. Will you believe in the hope he hinted at, that from the ashes something new will rise? Or will you be haunted by the idea that maybe, just maybe, he saw something we still don't want to face? Follow for more, and stay tuned for updates on U.S. News Clip.