With the election in just two months, Polly Market's 2024 election forecast gives Trump a 53% chance at winning to just 46% for Kamala Harris. And today, we'll be taking a look at the 2024 electoral map based on the individual betting markets from every single state. We'll begin by filling in the solid states for both candidates. These are states where Harris and Trump have a 95% chance at winning or more. And so, I'm going to start off with the safe states for the vice president. We have Washington, Oregon, and California. All the West Coast is going to be solid blue. Now, this is in terms of her odds of winning. She is very likely to win these states. In terms of her margin of the vote, she might win them by less than 15 points. But in terms of her odds of victory, they really are very high. These are states that have voted Democratic for four decades. We also have Hawaii, Colorado, Illinois, almost all of the northeast, with New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, the District of Columbia, and the First District of Maine. While for Trump, he's going to win in quite a few states as well. Basically, all the states he's won by solid margins in 2016 and 2020. He's going to easily win Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, North and South Dakota, all of Nebraska except the Second District, Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia, Indiana, and South Carolina, giving him 122 electoral votes. We're now going to move on to filling in the likely states, states where either candidate has between a 75% to a 95% chance at winning. Now, these states are still going to heavily favor one candidate or the other, but they could vote the other way. Big surprises have happened before, and they can happen again. And so we're going to begin up in Minnesota. This is Governor Tim Walz's home state. If Walz was on Harris's running mate, Minnesota would be at least a lean state, probably even tilt. If Joe Biden hadn't dropped out, Democrats would have lost Minnesota, a state they haven't lost since 1972. But today, Kamala Harris, with the governor as her running mate, she has a 93% chance at winning. In fact, at one point, odds for Joe Biden went as low as 57, 56 even. Pretty abysmal for a Democrat in such a blue state. So Minnesota is going to be likely for Harris on our map, but it's definitely one to watch, considering Donald Trump almost won the state in 2016 when he lost it by just 1.5%. We also have New Mexico, five electoral votes, a state that went to Biden by a double digit margin four years ago. Now, Harris is not going to win that by that margin. She's probably going to win by seven points at most. It's going to be more competitive, but she is still the favorite. Kamala Harris has a 91% chance at winning. Moving on to Maine in the northeast, we have a state that barely.