With exactly 50 days to go until the election, today we're going to be taking a look at PolyMarket's 2024 election forecast and fill in this electoral map based on the individual betting odds for Harris and Trump in each of the 50 states. And so we're going to do this a little bit differently. We're going to fill in this map based on poll closing order. In case you didn't know, voting doesn't end in every single state at the same time. It'll end first in states on the east coast. So we'll fill in those first and then move our way slowly out west so you can see how the map will actually fill in on election night. And so we'll start off with the states where polls will close at 7 p.m. These are going to be the first batch of results that we get on the night of November 5th. And so in terms of margins, a solid state is any state where either candidate has an over 95 percent chance at winning. Between 75 to 95 will be likely, 55 to 75 will be lean, and between 50 to 55, those states will be categorized as being tilt. And so looking at these first six states, Donald Trump is easily on track to win in Indiana, Kentucky, and South Carolina. He has a virtually 99 percent chance at winning all three of these states. Three states he's won easily in both of the last two elections, while Kamala Harris is going to win Vermont. Only Virginia and Georgia are more competitive. And so beginning in Virginia, Kamala Harris has an 89 percent chance at winning. This is pretty good, but you have to consider the fact that Trump still has an 11 percent chance at winning a state. If Joe Biden hadn't dropped out, Trump would probably be the favorite in Virginia right now. In fact, before Biden exited the race, Donald Trump actually took the lead in the polling average. And at one point, Democrats only had a 57 percent chance at holding on to the Commonwealth of Virginia, which has shifted to the right. And so on this map, the only thing this is going to reflect is the odds of winning, not the actual margins. In terms of the margins, there's no way Kamala Harris is going to do better than Joe Biden. She's lucky if she can even win by half of Biden's 10 point margin. But in terms of absolute victory, Kamala Harris still maintains her spot as the frontrunner in Virginia. So it's going to be a likely blue state. While down in Georgia, Donald Trump is the favorite here. He has a nearly 60 percent chance at taking back the Peach State. Keep in mind, this state voted Democrat in the last election. Joe Biden narrowly won it by a 0.24 percent margin. This was the closest state in the entire country. And right now, the consensus is that Donald Trump is going to win Georgia back, a state that he carried by over five points just eight years ago. At one point, he had a nearly 80 percent chance at winning. His odds are slightly lower today. But there's no doubt he is going to win the state back. And this will be a crucial step in helping Trump get back to the presidency. Next up at 7.30 p.m., voting will end in Ohio, West Virginia and North Carolina. And first off, we're going to get West Virginia out of the way. Trump is going to win the state by