but this is definitely one to watch as Trump has been very competitive there in the past. Up in Maine, Kamala Harris has an 89 percent chance at winning. Her odds are slightly higher than what they are in New Hampshire. However, this is the state where polling between Biden and Trump showed Trump to be in a very good position. If Joe Biden had to drop down, Maine would probably be a tilt-blue state or even maybe a tilt-red state. But due to Democrats swapping their nominees very late in the game, they do have a slight advantage now in Maine, a state that Joe Biden won by nine points in the last election. Again, Kamala Harris is not going to get anywhere near that margin, but she is definitely the favorite in terms of winning the state overall. The first district is going to be solid blue, and the second is going to be lean red. And finally, in Pennsylvania, these 19 electoral votes are crucial for both candidates, because if Donald Trump wins all the other states he's expected to win, and if he can win North Carolina and Georgia by winning Pennsylvania, he will basically be guaranteed to get to at least 270 electoral votes. And as of right now, the former president has a 51 percent chance at winning the keystone state, so it is going to be tilt-Republican. It is no doubt very, very close. Both campaigns are fighting hard, but Donald Trump is on track to win back a state he won eight years ago. He lost narrowly in 2020, but Joe Biden was a much better nominee four years ago than Kamala Harris is today, and so Pennsylvania is going to be tilt-red on our map, essentially cementing a Trump victory. At 8.30 p.m., polls will close in Arkansas. This is the only poll closing at this time, and Trump has a 99 percent chance at winning the state. And fast forward another 30 minutes, at 9 p.m. Eastern Time, voting will end in these states highlighted in yellow. In total, they're worth 157 electoral votes, and they include key states like Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan. At this point, after this poll closing, you can kind of see who really is on track to win the night, and so we're going to start off with the safe states for both candidates. Donald Trump is easily going to win in the Dakotas, in Wyoming, as well as all of Nebraska, except the 2nd District, which is going to be likely blue at this point in time. Joe Biden won it by nearly seven points four years ago. We also have Kansas and Louisiana, while Kamala Harris is on track to win in both Colorado and New York. We do have three competitive states up in the Midwest, though. Starting off in Minnesota, this is Tim Wells' home state. He was chosen recently to be Kamala Harris' running mate. If Kamala Harris didn't enter the race, it was still Joe Biden. Trump would probably be the slight favorite right now in Minnesota, but as a result of Kamala Harris' replacement of Joe Biden at the top of the Democratic ticket and her ability to choose a new vice president, that being Tim.