over 40 points. Well Ohio is going to be slightly more competitive. The Buckeye State was a bellwether for nearly six decades which means that it always voted with the presidential election winner no matter if they were a Democrat or a Republican. However that is no longer the case. The Buckeye State is a red state. That is why the GOP has a 92 percent chance of winning and a lot of that is because of Trump. He really did do well in the state in 2016 when most people still thought Hillary Clinton would win here. And then in 2020 people thought Joe Biden would do much better. But in the end Trump won by virtually the same margin. And so the Buckeye State is barely going to miss out on being solid red. But it will be a pretty comfortable likely GOP state for the former president. North Carolina is going to be slightly more competitive. This is actually the only swing state that Trump won in both 2016 and 2020. North Carolina went to him by nearly four points in 2016. Even when he lost states like Arizona and Georgia in 2020 North Carolina still remained red. And this is after a year of polling with every single one saying that Biden was going to win in the Tar Heel state. In the end Trump pulled out a victory and today he has a 56 percent chance of doing that again of winning North Carolina for a third time in a row. And so the state is going to be lean red just like Georgia. 30 minutes later at 8 p.m. Eastern time that we have the largest poll closing of the night. These states combined are worth 171 electoral votes a third of the entire Electoral College. But most of these states are easily going to vote for one candidate or the other. We're going to start off in the south where Trump is going to dominate. He is of course the favorite to win in Oklahoma Missouri Tennessee Mississippi and Alabama. While Kamala Harris will find more success up north. She'll take Illinois Massachusetts Connecticut Rhode Island New Jersey Delaware Maryland and the District of Columbia. The four remaining states though are going to be slightly more competitive. We're going to begin in Florida where Republicans do have a significant edge. Donald Trump has an 84 percent chance of winning the sunshine state for a third time in a row in 2020. Everybody thought Joe Biden was going to win back Florida after Hillary Clinton lost it by 1 percent but instead Biden did worse than Clinton did four years prior. And today Florida is among one of the most conservative states in the entire country. It reelected Ron DeSantis by a 20 point margin in the 2020 midterms. The presidential race obviously is going to be more competitive. But still Trump is the overwhelming favorite. It's basically 30 free electoral votes going in favor of the GOP up in New Hampshire. The Granite State is on track to go to Kamala Harris. She currently has an 87 percent chance at winning in terms of her odds of winning. I would say this is relatively accurate. She is definitely the favorite here but in terms of margin she is going to do a lot worse than Joe Biden in 2020. Probably when you see something closer to Hillary Clinton's performance in 2016 when she only won New Hampshire by 0.3 percent.