both 2012 and 2016 by just over a tilt margin in 2020. Today, Trump is on track to win the Sunshine State by 7 to 10 points. His margin in Florida is probably going to be as large as it is in Texas, which has not gone blue since 1976. And that really puts into context just how red of a state Florida has become. Ron DeSantis won his re-election in 2022 by nearly 20 points. Obviously, the race is going to be closer on the presidential level, but there's no doubt Trump is the heavy favorite. And so now with the solid and likely states filled in, Harris leads with 226 electoral votes, Trump at 219. And believe it or not, there are no additional states where Harris is the favorite. And so now we're going to fill in the lean states with Trump as Harris has no lean states. These are states where the former president has between a 55 to a 75% chance at winning. We'll begin in Arizona, which has actually become the most conservative of all seven swing states, which are the seven states that remain on this map. And looking at the odds, Trump has a nearly 64% chance at winning a state he didn't even win in the last election. Biden actually carried Arizona by 0.3% four years ago. But today, Trump is the clear favorite to win Arizona back. In fact, ever since the DNC, Harris's odds have only been falling. Trump's odds have surged now to the highest they've been since Biden dropped out of the election entirely in mid-July. And so flipping Arizona would be a very strong sign for the Trump campaign, as this is a state that is shifting left. But if Trump can reverse that trend and win Arizona, there's no doubt he'll be on the path to victory. So Arizona right now is going to be leaning red with Trump as the clear favorite. We have a very similar race in Georgia, another state that went to Biden by a very narrow margin in 2020. In fact, it was the closest state of the entire election. In 2016, Trump actually won the peach state by just over five points. And today, he's probably going to win the state by around two to three. Trump has a 63% chance at carrying Georgia. And just like in Arizona, his odds have only been going up since the DNC in mid-August. Basically, all the new polls right now are telling us that Trump is the clear favorite in Georgia. He's led in basically all 10 of the last 10 surveys conducted. And so there's no doubt Georgia is on track to flip red. Trump is going to reverse the trend of Georgia shifting to the left. And if Trump can win both Arizona and Georgia, especially by lean margins, then again, he is very well on track to win the election. Flipping Arizona and Georgia early would be a very good sign for the Trump campaign. In neighboring North Carolina, the Tar Heel state is the only one of the seven swing states that voted for Trump in both 2016 and 2020. He won it by four points against Clinton and by just over 1% against Biden. And today, he has a 58% chance at winning the state for a third time in a row. And looking at the odds, yes, the race is generally tightening, but there's no doubt.