Welcome back to The Lead, I'm Jake Tapper. We are in an unprecedented era where technology has vastly outpaced the ability of the public to recognize deep fakes, and even more so, lapped lawmakers, many of whom frankly seem unable to manage their email. Take for example, what you're watching right now. I'm actually not Jake, I'm a deep fake Jake, a deep Jake, if you will, created by comedian Danny Polishuk, who has only been using AI for two weeks. The fact that I seem so real suggests that real mischief and serious damage could be done with this technology were it to be so utilized in the U.S., as it has been for bad purposes abroad. Okay, real life Jake here now. AI generated images, audio, and video, such as that have slowly been creeping into American political campaigns. In Indiana, Senator Mike Braun, a Republican running for governor, was running this TV ad against his Democratic opponent, Jennifer McCormick, featuring this image of her standing at a rally against gas stoves. The image looks perfectly real, but it is fake. It's been digitally altered. McCormick called for it to be taken down, saying it, quote, violates the principles of transparency and integrity voters deserve in campaign advertising by changing the text on the signs in voters' hands, unquote. The Braun campaign originally said that their ads were compliant with the new Indiana law that prohibits the use of digitally altered media in campaign messages unless there's a disclosure. They have since replaced that image altogether. But seriously, welcome to the Wild West of TV ads, where technology allows falsehoods to be depicted as fact, blazing unethical trails around the world. The federal government here in the United States has no law against this. Some states are trying to keep up. Indiana has that law requiring disclosure for ads that use AI images. But even the Braun campaign ad that complied with the law has a disclosure that's, frankly, tough to read. And, frankly, it's a pretty weak effort. The fake image is much stronger, much more memorable.