have led in the Wolverine State in the betting markets since the end of July, nearly three months ago. And if you look at the odds just three weeks ago, Kamala Harris had a 68% chance of winning. She had nearly a 7 in 10 chance of winning Michigan in less than a month. And today, she isn't even the favorite anymore. So Michigan is also going to be tilt red on the map, a monumental flip for Donald Trump. And then in Pennsylvania, the last of the three blue wall states, it's not even going to be tilt in favor of Trump. It's actually a lean state where the former president has a 56% chance to win. It's not even close. And the colors on the graph are reversed, but that'll be fixed relatively soon. Donald Trump is the clear favorite in the Keystone State, which is probably the most important state on the map. It's very likely that whoever wins Pennsylvania is going to win the election entirely. And looking at the polls, Trump has also reached taken the lead in the average. He's ahead by 0.3% in leads in a majority of all the recent surveys. For context, at this point in 2016, Hillary Clinton led in Pennsylvania by 9.4%. In the end, she lost the state entirely. In 2020, Joe Biden led by 7.1. In the end, he carried Pennsylvania by just 1.2. So there's no doubt that Trump is in an unbelievably favorable position in must win Pennsylvania, which is going to be a lean Republican on the map. Coming down now to the lower Midwest, Iowa is going to be likely Republican. Trump has a 93% chance of winning just under the 95% threshold to be solid. It's going to be likely red on the map. Ohio is also going to be likely for the GOP. Trump has a 92% chance of winning, so once again, right under the 95 point threshold. And then Indiana and Illinois, they're obviously going to be solid for their respective parties. Illinois, solid blue. Indiana, solid red. Moving up now to the Northeast, virtually every single one of these states is going to be safe for Kamala Harris, New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and the District of Columbia, all solid blue, while New Hampshire is going to be likely blue. Kamala Harris has an 87% chance of winning. And then in Maine, her odds sit at 88, so both New Hampshire and Maine will be likely for the Democrats. The 1st District of Maine is going to be solid blue, and the 2nd District likely red. We're now going to come down to the South, where Trump is going to dominate. He's easily going to win Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia, and South Carolina. Only Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida are even going to be remotely competitive. We're going to begin up in Virginia, where the Vice President has an 89% chance of winning. The state actually got very close at a moment in July.