period of time during the Democratic convention when Harris took the lead, but the polling does suggest that the former president is on track to win Arizona back, and according to the betting markets, it is going to be a lean Republican state. Next up, in Texas, there's no doubt that Trump is going to win the state for a third time. We do have a competitive Senate race there with Ted Cruz on the ballot. He isn't always the best performer. He simply isn't that popular in his home state, but on the presidential level, Trump is the clear favorite. He had a 91% chance of winning Texas four years ago. The polls had Trump winning the state by 1% on election day. Ultimately, he won the state by nearly six times that margin, and today, Trump already leads by nearly six points. When all is said and done, he is going to win Texas by nearly a double-digit margin or potentially even 10 points or more, and so Trump should have no worries in Texas. Even if Kamala Harris is trying to spend money there, trying to make it competitive, she has absolutely no chance. And the Lone Star State is going to be likely red for Donald Trump. He is going to easily carry it once again. Moving up now to the Midwest, we have four states Kamala Harris absolutely must win. Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. She can't lose even a single one of them, and after we fill them in, you'll understand why she is in such a precarious position. As we're going to begin in Minnesota, where Kamala Harris made a huge mistake. She should not have chosen Tim Walz to be her running mate. It should have been Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania. He probably would have been able to help Harris win the Keystone State, which is by far the most important state on the map. Now, Tim Walz is going to help Harris win Minnesota, but this is a state no Democrat has lost since 1972. It should be a state they have in lock, but today, Harris has just a 91% chance. She leads by less than five points in the polling, despite Joe Biden having won the state by 7% in 2020. And so yes, Walz is going to do good enough to make sure that Harris will win his home state, but he's not going to provide anything else. He's not really giving Harris a boost in neighboring Wisconsin or Michigan or Pennsylvania, which is what she really needed. Moving on now to Wisconsin, a lot of people thought that Harris would be able to win this state as Walz would be able to help her out in Minnesota's neighbor, but that is no longer the case. When she did have a 60% chance of winning, but today her odds have fallen down to just 47. In fact, Trump took the lead a few days ago for the first time in over two months. Basically, throughout all of August and September, Kamala Harris was the undoubted favorite to win Wisconsin in less than a month. But now with just 20 days to go, Trump is surging at the perfect moment. Looking at the polling average, this is the only battleground state where Harris leads. She is behind in every other one. However, her lead isn't going to last very long. Trump is probably going to take over in the next few days. The three most recent polls show a tie, but polling in Wisconsin has