A mysterious $30 million dollar wave of pro-Trump bets has moved a popular prediction market called Polly Market. Although Harris and Trump are neck and neck in the polls, bettors on Polly Market are giving Trump a 60% chance of winning and Kamala a 40% chance of winning. So why the hell does this even matter if we have polls, right? Polls are supposed to be the most accurate statistical sampling of the population to get the most accurate prediction of the election outcome, right? But the thing is, polls, one, don't instantly take into account new news, and also they can be subjected to bias because there's no actual money on the line. And the thing with polls is, since they're like crowdsourced wisdom and predictions about the election and people are putting in actual money, there's no incentive to be biased because bias won't help you, the most accurate prediction will help you if you're putting actual money on the line. And also, there are instant reactions to news because it's like a very liquid market. You can make bets at any time and react to any news, whereas polls take a long time to like sample data. In 2016, as we were approaching the election, some betting markets took into account unconventional factors that weren't captured in polls. And so while most of the polls still had Clinton ahead, some of the betting markets had Trump ahead. In 2020, kind of the opposite thing happened. Betting markets heavily favored Trump, even when Biden was ahead in the polls, and they wound up being wrong. Elon Musk tweeted about Trump's growing lead on polymarket and tweeted that betting markets are quote, more accurate than polls as actual money is on the line. So that's definitely one way to look at it. That statement historically has had some truth to it. And another way that some people are looking at it is that this $30 million, which was spread across four different polymarket accounts, could be the same entity, and it could be part of an effort to boost social media buzz about former President Trump's campaign. Most of the bets placed by these four accounts were just straightforward bets that a former President Trump would win, but then they also made some more long shot bets, like that he would win in Pennsylvania, a swing state, or that he would win the popular vote. So it's really hard to say what this means, if anything, about either candidate's likelihood of winning, but I'll let you make that decision for yourself.