I'm very highly educated. I know words. I have the best words. He's not a war hero. He's a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, okay? I was down there and I watch our police and our firemen down at 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down. Look at what happened in the 1990s. Our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, and this was a horrible period of time for us, were attacked. You know what uranium is, right? It's a thing called nuclear weapons and other things, like lots of things are done with uranium, including some bad things. And I will tell you, I left Texas, and I left Florida, and I left Louisiana, and I went to Puerto Rico, and I met with the president of the Virgin Islands. The latest act of resistance is the op-ed published in the failing New York Times by an anonymous, really an anonymous, gutless coward. The wall, the barrier, whatever you want to call it, it's okay with me. They can name it whatever they can name it. Peaches. A few weeks ago, on January 23rd, Venezuela's National Assembly, they are risking their future. They are risking their lives and Venezuela's future. You've really put a big investment in our country. We appreciate it very much, Tim Apple. I hope they now go and take a look at the oranges, the oranges of the investigation, the beginnings. In June of 1775, the Continental Congress created a unified army out of the revolutionary forces encamped around Boston and New York and named after the great George Washington, commander-in-chief. Our army manned the air. It ran the ramparts. It took over the airports. It did everything it had to do. The kidney has a very special place in the heart. It's an incredible thing. In addition, up to 11,000 more Americans could receive heart, lung, and liver transplants annually. He was awarded the Bronze Star and the Combat Infantryman badge for his service. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions. This is the very definition of totalitarianism. When they gaze upon Yosemites, Yosemites towering sequoias, their love of country grows stronger and they know that every American has truly a duty to preserve this wondrous inheritance and to avoid liability, shifting production to Thailand and to Vietnam. I know words. I have the best words. But there's no better word than stupid, right? There is none.