Hello, good morning. The election is just around the corner and I just saw that the election prediction is about to be bet in Robinhood. If you want to know how to do this, of course, I think it's a betting, so if you lose, you will lose everything, so you know the risks. But now let's see, 2024 presidential election, right? And right now, Kamala has 40 cents and Trump has 61 cents. Trump's winning odds are slightly higher than Kamala's, 61 cents. Now, what happens in this is, if you say Kamala will win and buy, it will cost you 40 cents. And if Kamala wins, its value will be $1, but if she loses, it will be zero. You won't get anything. I just took 10 contracts for an exam, maybe I have to take 90 contracts today, $40, now if you win, you get $60, if you lose, you lose. This is live trading data and here is the number, how many people, how many people have bought the contract, how much is Trump buying? If Kamala is buying $34 million, Trump is buying $25 million. Now look at this day 1 week, look at the max, Kamala's odds were very high, after Biden, there was a good odd, then there was a good odd, but now Trump's odds have gone up. Now how do you buy this, you go to trade, buy mode, close position, now the beauty of what you just bought, I bought it at 41 cents, now it's 39, but you can sell it when you bought it. Now, if I bought it at 41, now it's 39, I lost a little, I lost two money, but that buy and sell is the same in stock and options, you can always buy and sell. Now I'm in buy mode, it's 39 cents, it's changing the spread, so let's limit it, so what I'm going to do is, 90 contracts, estimated cost, okay, it's 38, I'll open it now. I have 90 contracts, now you can see, I have 100 contracts, if I win, I get $100, if I lose, of course, I get zero. But if the value of this is 50 cents, I can sell it at that time, if I get 50 dollars, it's 40, 41, it's exactly the same in options, you can always sell a contract, you can just sell it. This is just introduced, PolyMarket is a crypto-based prediction market, it's very popular, but it wasn't legal, a company called Khalsi just won a legal battle, I think they used it in the backend, I don't know, but I just wanted to read it, so yeah, have a look.