Let's talk about betting markets, and if I think they're right. I'm just going to use Calshi because they're the only federally approved company to actually bet on politics in this country, so we'll look at their odds. It's important to know from the jump that these numbers are not based on data or polling analysis or anything like that. This is a reflection of what the public thinks is going to happen. You have to look at these betting markets like Las Vegas. If a lot of people bet on Donald Trump, the line is going to change and the payout's going to change. It's really just a reflection of who is betting on who. But the question is, do I think they're right? Let's take a look. Let's start with the big question. Do I really think Donald Trump has a 60% chance of winning this election? Hell no. Based on all my analysis across polling and early voting data and enthusiasm data and all the different things you look at, I would flip this and add 5 to 10% for Harris. I'd give her a 65 to 70% chance of winning this election. So I think Kamala Harris is majorly underpriced. And I think the mistakes really start to show when you look at the swing states. 55-45 for Trump in Pennsylvania, I just don't see that happening. I think Kamala Harris probably has a 70% chance of winning Pennsylvania. I would bump Harris up 10 to 15 points in both Michigan and Wisconsin. But the real mistakes start down here. And let's talk about Nevada first. Nevada hasn't gone red in 20 years, which means Donald Trump has never won it. And Donald Trump is also trailing in the polls here. So this ratio does not make sense to me. Next is Georgia, which they have at 72 to 28. And I live in Georgia. There's no way that's accurate. This state is going to be a coin flip. 50-50, there's no question about it. I live in the city of Atlanta, and the vibes for Harris are crazy in this city right now. But the vibes for Trump in the suburbs and the small towns and the rural areas are very high as well. This is going to be a down-to-the-wire race. People think Trump is going to win Georgia, and that's why you see it as the betting market odds. But the truth is, you flip a coin here. I do think that Arizona's numbers are actually pretty close to correct here. I haven't seen any polls that put Harris ahead recently. I've been giving Arizona to Trump in most of my predictions for a while now. I'm sticking with that. It's possible they could be wrong. They're running a really good Senate campaign right now, and Lake is definitely going to lose. So if she can kind of grab on the coattails there, she could do well. But I think in the end, this might actually be right. So just to wrap up, I'm going to go Harris, Harris, Harris, Harris, Harris, Trump. But I'm just another guy. I'm not saying this is what's going to happen. I don't think these numbers are right, but hey, they could be, and I could be wrong. The last thing to talk about is the Congress odds. I think it's an important conversation that I honestly haven't talked enough about, so let's talk about it. 81 to 19 for Republicans to win the Senate. I agree with that. There are some paths for Democrats to win some surprise elections like Texas or Florida or Nebraska, even Montana, but they're very unlikely outcomes. The most likely outcome to me is 51-49 for Republicans. The House odds, I would just flip. I would give Democrats a 55, maybe 60% chance of winning, and Republicans about a 40% chance of winning. As it stands right now, there's about 214 guaranteed seats for Republicans and 213 guaranteed seats for Democrats, only about eight toss-ups. Of those eight toss-ups, Democrats to me have the edge in five of them, which would make them have a win of 218 to 217, a very close race. So that's reflected in this percentage, but I do think it's flipped. So when you put all that together, these are my predictions. Democrats win the House, 218 to 217. Republicans win the Senate, 51-49. And Kamala Harris wins the election, 292 to 246. I just want to stress that these are only my predictions. I don't know this is what's going to happen. This is just what the data is telling me is going to happen. The betting markets don't know what's going to happen. They're just a reflection of what people think is going to happen. So in the end, we just have to hold our breath for a little bit less than a week and see