Hey guys, here's our top 5 locks to make a little extra cash on election day. Okay first one we got Virginia. I'm slamming Kamala on this one. Trump, you know he outperformed polling both in 2016 and in 2020 and you know pollsters are really adjusting to that in you know all the states. Still they have Kamala winning Virginia pretty comfortably. You know only a 13% return but you know make 13% every day you'll be a billionaire. So I'm taking Kamala here. Next up we got Kamala popular vote. I mean this is pretty self-explanatory. The Democrats have won the popular vote the last four elections and also LeBron is endorsing Kamala so I feel like 25 cents to the dollar for that is pretty good value. This next one will Trump win a deep blue state? This is my lock for this election. I'm slamming the no on this one. If you look at the states that compromise this category Trump didn't win any of those states in 2016 or 2020. So if you pick the yes on this one you're thinking that he's you know going to do something that he hasn't done the past two elections and also in 2016 and 2020 pollsters were not adjusting their polls as much for Trump whereas now they are and they're also not really showing him winning in any of those deep blue states that this bet you know sort of describes. So this is my lock free 22% here taking this every day of the week. We're also going to be throwing no party is going to win or sweep all the swing states. Polls are saying this is one of the closest elections in a very long time so I just don't see Trump or Kamala sweeping all the swing states here. Okay so my home run of the election who will win North Carolina? I'm taking Kamala here. I think this is your best chance to make a 2x or 3x instead of like a 15 or 20% return. You know polls are showing that Stein is up against Robinson 15 in the governor race. So you know for Trump to win this state you're going to have to assume that there's a ton of split ticket Republicans which just might not happen. And you know he still might not he still might win the state but at these odds I think Kamala is looking really good as a bet especially when you consider New York Times Sienna just dropped yesterday saying that she's up 2 in the entire state. So if you're looking for a home run pick I'd take this one. I think the odds are really good. Also obligatory these are not our political opinions or financial advice. This is just this is just how we're betting on the election as we're trying to make some extra cash. But yeah best of luck best of luck. We're degenerates and this is EV positive plays in our mind. Exactly it's all EV. That's all. So yeah.