Who is going to win today? It's election day. Let's do our final prediction. We're going to go through every battleground state and talk about who's going to win and why. Let's start with Nevada. Right now, Trump has a 0.3% lead in the polls, so it's essentially tied. And 58% of people are betting on Trump to win the state. But I'm going to give Nevada to Kamala Harris. There are three reasons why I think this. Reason number one is polling is showing that Harris is doing a better job with Hispanic voters than she was, so I think that's going to play a big role in how this turns out, especially in the Las Vegas area. Two is that Harris really gained ground on Trump over the past couple months on economic messaging and who is more trustworthy on the economy, and in a tourism state like Nevada, that matters a lot. And three, this is a state, especially Las Vegas, that relies heavily on illegal immigration to keep their economy running. I think enough people know that a Trump presidency would be very bad for their economy. Now let's do Arizona. Trump is ahead by about 2% on average in the polls in Arizona, and you can't really find a high-quality poll that has Harris ahead at all. Now I do think the polls are underestimating Democrats across the board, but I think this has been such a consistent outcome that I have a hard time going against it. And the betting market is no different. 78% of people are betting on Donald Trump to win. So with all that in mind, I'm going to give Arizona to Donald Trump. Immigration messaging worked really well here. That is the centerpiece of Trump's campaign. I think that's why he wins this state. Let's move on to Georgia, my state. Trump currently has a .8% advantage in Georgia in the polls, and frankly, polls are back and forth. Some are showing Trump, some are showing Harris. It's really a coin flip state. The betting market doesn't reflect that. 68% of people are putting their money on Donald Trump, but I just don't buy that at all. I went back and forth on this a lot, but I'm going to give Georgia to Kamala Harris. I live in Atlanta. I see the enthusiasm she has in the city, and that is going to be the engine of how she wins the state. It was the same thing in 2020 with Joe Biden. Joe Biden only won because of the strength of his vote in Atlanta and the suburbs of Atlanta. Between the high level of enthusiasm for her campaign and the ratio of women to men in the vote so far, I think Harris squeaks out a win here, but it'll be less than 1%. Now let's do North Carolina. Trump has a .9% lead in the polls on average in North Carolina, but again, it's one of those states where it's a mixed bag. Some high quality polls are showing Harris with a lead, some are showing Trump with a lead. It's a toss up. The betting markets are favoring Trump with 67% of people backing him, but I've had an instinct since very early in this race. I've been calling North Carolina for Harris for months, and I'm sticking with it. Between demographic shifts in the state, the worst governor candidate I've ever seen in Mark Robinson, and then the hurricane response from Donald Trump politicizing a big disaster, I think those three things are going to come to bite him in the ass. I'm going to be honest, this is my least confident pick. However, I'm sticking with my gut. I think this goes blue for the first time since 2008. Let's jump over to Wisconsin. Right now, Kamala Harris has a 1% lead on average in the polls in Wisconsin. And even the betting markets are favoring Kamala Harris, 59% of people are betting on her. And although it's been pretty much impossible to poll the state accurately and figure out what they're thinking, I'm going to give this to Kamala Harris, and I'm going to give it to her for a couple reasons. Reason number one is Tim Walz. He's the governor of the neighboring state of Minnesota, and there is a lot of cultural overlap between these two states. But the thing that I like about it is Tim Walz is able to capture the attention and create some relatability among blue collar folks who live in this area of the country. That's what Trump was able to do in the previous two elections, because his contrast was against pretty elite East Coast folks. This is a very different dynamic. I think Tim Walz helps a lot here. I also see suburban women breaking pretty heavily for Kamala Harris, definitely more than they did for Biden in 2020, and I think that's what gets her over the finish line. I think it'll be close, but I think Harris will win. Let's talk about Michigan. Similar to Wisconsin, Harris has a 1% lead in Michigan in the polls. So similar to every other state, it's essentially a tie. But in the betting markets, Harris actually has a pretty substantial advantage. 65% of people are betting on Harris to win Michigan. And I'm going to agree with those bettors and give Michigan to Kamala Harris. To me, the only point of concern in this state for Harris is the Arab American population breaking less for her because of what's going on in Gaza. But I think at the end of the day, this is still going to be a Democratic stronghold because of the amount of turnout you're going to get from cities, especially Detroit. I think the margin will be very similar to 2020. And last but certainly not least, Pennsylvania. Going into the final day of the election, it is a 0.2% advantage for Kamala Harris in the polls. So again, statistically, we're tied. And 56% of folks are betting on Donald Trump to win this election in the betting markets. But I'm going to disagree with those folks. And I'm going to pick Kamala Harris to win Pennsylvania. Despite this being one of the closest states in terms of polling, I don't think this is going to be the closest battleground state. I actually think it's going to be won by about 3% to 5% by Harris. I think there are going to be two critical engines that drive it. One is going to be suburban women. And two is going to be Puerto Rican voters in Philadelphia. Philadelphia has a very large Puerto Rican population. And between what happened at Madison Square Garden and Pat Bonnie and all that, I think that is going to be some real fuel to the fire here. But in the end, I think the biggest engine is going to be the gender gap between female and male votes. And that is going to give Harris the big edge going into today. We've gotten to the end, and my prediction is a bit different from the betting markets prediction. 59% of people are betting on Donald Trump to win. I think they're wrong. Because my final result is Kamala Harris winning 308 to 230, becoming the first female president of the United States of America. Now just a moment of honesty. If I had to rate my confidence on this being the outcome, I would rate it pretty low. I'm just like every other analyst in this situation. I don't know for sure. I've gone into every other election going, oh, I know pretty well who's going to win this. I don't know who's going to win this. But my central thesis is that Democrats have been under-polled dramatically. And I think that's going to show up in a big way tonight. But I could be wrong. In my mind, anything is possible, all the way from a Trump landslide to a Harris landslide and anything in between. It's going to be a nerve-wracking day. It's going to be a nerve-wracking night, probably a nerve-wracking couple of days. But let's breathe in, breathe out. We're here. Let's see how it goes.