We have looked at polls, field data, and media trends, but let's look at the election betting markets and what they have to say about the presidential race and what it all means. There are some surprising information points here that I think you're gonna wanna see, and there's also some ways that I believe the market still has Kamala Harris undervalued, so to speak. Hi, everyone, I'm Shawna Presley-Vircher, the political fixer, and many of you have been sending me questions about numbers that you're seeing on election betting sites. Now, having these types of sites that are centered around American elections is fairly new for us. They've only been legal in the United States for less than a year, and it's understandable that many of us had some questions and even a bit of confusion about how they work. I took a closer look at CallShe, the first and largest legal election betting market across the country. I wanted to see how this all worked, and also I wanted to see if I agreed with how certain races were being reflected in the marketplace. The first thing I wanna point out is that betting sites like CallShe are not polls. When we see these numbers, they are not set by the company as a reflection of how they feel about a race. Quite the opposite. Anyone who places a bet on one of these sites says how they think the race will turn out, and by law, CallShe and other companies cannot interfere with that. These numbers are a reflection of what the market, the people placing the bets on the site, believe will happen in the race. These numbers can also be confusing because it's not a margin of victory that we're seeing that they're predicting. But let's get to the fun part. Once I understood how sites like this worked, I realized that the people placing bets on CallShe are just regular people. They're not necessarily experts, which means that some of them are placing bets based on limited or bad information. So instead of getting anxious or even annoyed when I see numbers that I don't agree with in the marketplace, I realized that these are opportunities to educate and spread information that might help people understand the race better. There's a few races where I believe the market is currently underpricing the Kamala Harris campaign. For example, CallShe bettors only have a 42% chance, essentially two out of five odds that Kamala Harris will win Georgia. Guys, are you kidding me? 2020 was a high turnout year for Georgia and approximately 4.9 million ballots were cast. Already in 2024, over 4 million votes have been cast. That's over 80% of what they're expecting overall in this election. They have broken 2020 records and high turnout benefits Harris, especially when you're looking at a state that was previously won by President Biden. But on top of that, over a million of those votes were cast by black voters, a demographic which we know heavily favors Kamala Harris. And 800,000 of these voters have never before voted in an election. Now we know that there's an enthusiasm gap that favors Kamala Harris by about 10 points. So ask yourself who you think these new voters are casting their ballots for. I also think that CallShe bettors are missing the mark in Pennsylvania. We can see that this market has tightened up over the last week, but it still favors her opponent. I disagree with this. And to show you why, I'm gonna use something we call anecdata. These are stories that we're seeing out in the field that line up and can explain some of the independent data trends that we're seeing. Around three weeks ago, Pennsylvania was looking a little bit soft for the Kamala Harris campaign, particularly in Philadelphia, where we were seeing a slow return of mail ballots. But the campaign made some adjustments. They shifted their ad buys to focus more on Pennsylvania, and they put out a call for canvassers to come into the state and help them get out the vote. Their call for canvassers may have overshot. The campaign reported that just on Saturday, they knocked over 800,000 doors. That is an astounding average of over 2,000 doors per minute that they were canvassing. That ground game put the Kamala Harris campaign in a phase that we call deep canvassing. That means that they got through all of their lists of likely voters. They got through all of their lists of independent voters that they believed that they could persuade, and they were able to start knocking doors, some of which had not seen a human during an election cycle in years, and try to persuade those people to come out and vote. Since this shift in the strategy, over 79% of all of the early-in-mail ballots requested in Pennsylvania have been returned, and that includes 81% of Democrats who have returned their requested ballots. The Kamala Harris campaign was hoping for a firewall of 400,000 voters. That means they wanted to see that 400,000 more Democrats returned their ballots than Republicans in early voting, because more Republicans tend to show up actually on the day of the election. Well, not even counting this weekend's efforts, they are already at a firewall of 401,000. It might interest you to know that Philly bounced back. They are at a return rate of approximately 75% of their requested ballots. It's a few points lower than the rest of the state, but the rate of return of Democratic ballots to GOP ballots is 10 to one. Based on the math, if Harris is victorious in Pennsylvania and Georgia, there is only one path to victory for her opponent. He would have to sweep the board in every single other swing state. Personally, I'm enjoying watching the call she betters market for the presidential campaign overall, as it reacts in real time to events and news. A day ago, the call she betters were predicting that her opponent would win by odds of 55% over 45%. Then just yesterday, all of us watching this election received a stunning update. The Selzer poll in Iowa showed that Kamala Harris was leading by three points in Iowa. Some context here. The Selzer poll is not just considered a gold standard poll. It is considered to be one of the most accurate polls in the industry across the country. So if these numbers hold with a Kamala Harris lead of three, this would be an eight point swing from 2020, and it would be a nearly 10 point swing from 2016. Seismic. The market responded accordingly. It shifted this race to be neck and neck, closing the gap by eight overnight. Now, I still believe that Kamala Harris is being undervalued in this market, and I'm basing that partially on one of the things that I've spoken about before, crosstabs, the data beneath the polls. When we look at the crosstab data for the Selzer poll, we see that women in Iowa over the age of 65 favor Harris by a margin of nearly two to one, 63% to 28%. Based on what we're seeing across the country, I don't believe that that sentiment exists in a vacuum just in Iowa. And guess what? Seniors vote. But I guess we'll all see what happens soon enough. Bottom line, if you're gonna make a bet or even follow along with these election market sites, make sure you do so responsibly, both financially and for your own mental health. And maybe make sure that you don't undervalue the results of a good campaign ground game in the process. I'd like to thank Kalshi for letting me use their markets in this video. Until next time, everyone, I'm Shawna Presley Bircher. I'm gonna continue to bring you insights and intel into this historic moment. And I hope that you follow me at Political Fixer. I'll see you soon.