Now that we have exit poll data and demographics, there are a lot of conversations happening here and I want to address each and every single one of them. So first and foremost, there's a conversation that we should not be putting Harris's loss exclusively on people of color and why are white people not being held accountable. First and foremost, whiteness in this country is an institution. We knew the way white people were going to vote. That came as no surprise to anyone. Whether you want to blame Harris's loss on people of color or not, I want to take it from the perspective that this information tells us that there is no such thing as people of color. A lot of people will use people of color and Black people synonymously. This information, this breakdown right here shows you that there is no people of color. When it comes to conversation about diversity, equity, inclusion, and representation, we see Black voices, specifically Black women, be the most vocal, be on the front lines of pushing and advocating for diversity, equity, inclusion, and representation. However, the people who benefit from it are not the people who are actively pushing for it. Black women show up and do what they're supposed to do every single time and any benefits are ultimately reaped by other groups of color. However, when it comes time to show up for Black people, specifically Black women, this is what happens. So Black women, protect your peace, protect your energy, and start organizing and move in silence. You don't got to be on this app sharing all of your plans. So that's the one conversation I wanted to speak to. The other conversation that I wanted to talk about is let's hit on age demographics real quick. Any hope or belief in this rhetoric that Gen Z will save us because they are so much more enlightened and progressive than other generational groups? Yeah, that's a lie. There is not much difference here in how Gen Z voted in comparison to Millennials, in comparison to Gen X, and that actually kind of makes sense to me because when you are looking at this whole, the radicalization of young men that is occurring in this country, it 110 percent makes sense to me that men in the Gen Z age demographic are being radicalized. This is not just a white male thing that is happening. When we talk about it in the media, I think a lot of us are specifically thinking about it and framing it from a white male perspective, but this kind of radicalization and misogyny is also impacting men of other racial groups. Voting in this country is a group project and I hate group projects. Growing up in elementary school, in middle school, in high school, even in college, whenever we were assigned group projects, I would always ask the teacher or my professor, can I do this myself? And generally, they would say yes. They would be like, Sasha, you can do the project yourself as long as you do not complain about the workload. And I would shoulder that workload every time and I would do it myself because I hated the fact that I could sit there and I can show up and I can know all the things and I can be as intelligent and I can do my part and I have to rely on somebody else pulling their weight for my grade. I gotta rely on somebody else. Never that. Black women show up every single time and do what they are supposed to do. The very interesting part about this is Black women are inarguably the most prepared for what is going to come down the line because we have already been living it. Now, however, everybody else is going to get a taste of it. This is what you voted for.