Hi guys! So I want to make a video of my experience working at the polls on election day. I do want to say I did also work in primaries back in... when was that? July. I worked the primary day in July and then I also worked early voting on Monday, the day before election, and then I worked election day. In my experience, I thought it went really well. I did enjoy it. It's not something I would like. It's a good thing it's only like once every few years, you know? Not something I would do every day because it is a long day. So for actual election day, I got there at 5 30 a.m. and then we left at like 9 30 p.m. So during that whole time, you have to stay on in the premises. You can't even like go to your car. You can't go get something to eat. So you have to bring everything that you need and just like survive at the place, you know, for that whole time. In my experience, the location that I had, it was kind of... it was an Australian mountain so it was really like hidden and it's just like the people who went to vote at our location was really the people in the community. There wasn't people like really outside of the community because nobody's gonna make their way to drive into that community, you know? I know it's gonna be different for like if you work at say ASU or you work at a civic center or in Phoenix, like those places where there's a lot of traffic and a lot of people like stopping by after work or before work, you know? So I can't speak on that experience but for my experience that it was like a very calm location. I enjoyed it a lot. There was like a lot of different things to do and tasks but you do get a like a three-hour online training and then you get a three-hour in-person training before and I feel like in that training they really explained everything that you need to know. They also give you a manual like 200 pages with literally everything you would ever need to know to work the polls. We ran into very few issues. The issues we did run into like we were able to come together and figure it out and in my opinion it just ran so smoothly. There's different things you could do. My task specifically, the Monday on Monday, it was just helping voters drop off their ballots or drop their envelopes in the drop box. Super easy. I'll just welcome them in, tell them oh you could drop it off in this box, take a sticker. The next day it was me helping voters tabulate their ballots. Again, super easy. Just telling them like oh just place it in here, wait till the green checkmark, perfect, you're good to go, grab a sticker. So that was really easy. I know there's other tasks of like checking people in which that's also simple like checking their IDs, their verification, if they're not verified like giving them another way to like get verified and then there's also like handing out the ballots before they go to the booth you know. So those were like the three main jobs that we had at our center. What else? There was in our again location, in my location I worked at, there was never a line. Like the only line that was created was at 6 in the morning when they'd open. We had about like 20 people in the booth and then we had 20 people in line which it still went by really fast but throughout the rest of the day like there was times when there was nobody, we would just sit around. I could be on my phone the entire time. I had snacks with me that I could eat. So overall was really, it was really fun. Definitely an experience and we did get paid. I did get paid for that my time. So because it was like an 18 hour long day, I think I got paid around like $14.50. The paycheck is still good you know because of the 14 hour long day or 18 hour long day. But again my opinion, my location, it was fine. I would definitely do it every election year and I recommend that you guys try it out and just you know try it out for one election cycle. They do need the volunteers. It does take a team. I think there was 11 of us at that location and again the location was small so they need people you know. So yeah.