Okay, so this is a news update. We now have more information about the FBI raid yesterday. So as I reported yesterday, the FBI raided the home of the founder and CEO of Polymarket, which is an online betting and trading platform. To be very clear here, reports are saying that it was illegal for them to operate in the United States and people may have been using VPNs in order to wage bets. Now, reports are also alluding to why people felt so strongly that Donald Trump would win in order for them to wager bets in the millions. Reports are coming out that a gambler made $85 million betting on Donald Trump to win the presidency. Now, reports are also detailing information that while presidential forecasts had the race between Trump and Kamala Harris as a toss up, bets on Polymarket showed Trump favored to win, which the now president-elect boasted about on his truth social. Now, this is noted two weeks before the election. Now, getting back into the financial details, a man named Theo from France placed more than $70 million on bets that Trump would win the electoral college and that the popular vote across his 11 accounts, all of which he had unassuming names, is very concerning to authorities. The response coming from the corporate communications team at Polymarket is a little sus. Now, a spokesperson from Polymarket categorized this as political retribution by the Biden administration, and I quote, it's discouraging that the current administration would seek a last ditch effort to go after companies they deem associated with political opponents. That sounds to me like a hit dog will holler. And this is what people talk about when they talk about tech pro culture, opposed to releasing a normal corporate statement like, while we do not agree with the assessment, Polymarket strives to follow the rules and the laws and the territories that we operate in, period. So I don't know guys, I'll keep you updated when more information comes out. But as always, I would like to know what you think. Make sure to comment and share down below.