Bricey Amoua, why are you ready to say all of that? I'm not ready. I'm not ready. And you know what? You said I was going to pray for you in Ghana. And what are you praying for? I'm praying for you to die. What? I'm praying for you to die. George, I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm telling you prophetess, Madam Lestrade spoke about 7th century Bricey Amoua. I know everything. But I believe what she said. I'm telling you. Okay, okay. There were some people who were seeing them. But they were not seeing God. So, they were not seeing God. They were seeing elephants. Yes, elephants as they call it. The elephant was not seeing God. What? I was telling you. What are you talking about? Elephants are seeing God. They are not seeing God. But they were seeing God. They were seeing God. Elephant. Wow. That's why I was telling you. I was telling you that Jesus was seeing God. God, God, God. That's why. Amen. Not up, down, up down. Not up and down. Go up go up up up. Amen? They were seeing God. That's why the culture was changing. That's why the culture changed. When I told you the elephant was not seeing God. Tamam. I told you that when you see me see God, you have to know that All right. I told you an elephant needs to know that. Everyone sees God, but God. God facing people also. Amen. It's like that. I want you to teach an elephant how to take off its clothes and see God. You have to prepare an elephant to see God. I'm telling you, God sees you and He sees you. You have to know that. You have to know that. You have to prepare to see God and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant needs to know how to take off its clothes and see God. That's why I'm telling you that an elephant