I've actually been meaning to talk about the gambling thing for a really long time because it's fucking crazy. And I want to, you know, be transparent. I enjoy sports betting. I only allow myself to bet once a year and it's always on March Madness because I know that if I allowed myself to have unfettered access to sports gambling, I would have a problem. The McGill University International Center for Youth Gambling Problems put out a study recently that 60 to 80% of high schoolers have gambled for money in the past year and 6% self-report being addicted to gambling. In this study, they report that kids start gambling at 10 years old. I work with youth and I know 14-year-olds who have accounts on DraftKings and PrizePix. Before you tell me that I'm making that up or that this McGill study is incorrect because depending on where you are, you have to be 18 or 21 to gamble, these sites are not doing their due diligence. And once you're hooked, these kids are finding illegal ways to gamble online. Generally, I believe that with every new generation comes a new addiction problem. So like for my generation, it was probably nicotine and like Xanax. Shout out survivors of the Xandemic. For younger Gen Z and Gen Alpha, it is gambling. And this isn't like an oversight on behalf of these sites and these apps. They're doing it on purpose. They are intentionally sponsoring influencers with a young audience and having them advertise it as like a fun side hustle or hobby, especially with kids who are not old enough to work, but old enough that they want their own money. So like 13, 14-year-olds, this shit is so dangerous. And it's also on the App Store for advertising it as an app suitable for ages 13 and up. If you're a parent, an older sibling, a caretaker of somebody in this age range, I promise you that 10-year-olds are not gambling their own money. They're gambling your fucking money. I lose all respect for influencers who do advertising for DraftKings or PrizePix because either you know what you're doing and you don't care, or you are so blinded by the kind of money that they're giving you that you haven't stopped to use your critical thinking skills for one fucking second about your audience and the things you're advertising.