And the first part is not really about Donald Trump or Kamala Harris, it's about the mainstream media and I beseech you, I beg you, stop listening to the fucking mainstream media. All right, stop watching the news, they don't do the news anymore. Start getting your information from independent sources. Now, the challenge is you gotta look around for what independent sources you wanna listen to. So it's a little bit extra work for you, but the extra work will be worth it because now you will know you're getting the truth and you're getting objectivity rather than getting a bunch of bullshit from the mainstream media. Mainstream media is not to be trusted. All right, y'all remember that virus a couple years ago, whose name I can't say? Y'all remember that virus? Did you not learn in 2020 that the mainstream media can't be trusted? Did they not tell you that if you take the shot in your arm that you can't get the virus? And did a bunch of you take the shot and get the virus anyway? Did your mom take it and get the virus anyway? Did one of your friends take it and get the virus anyway? Did that not tell you that they're bullshitting you? I don't need somebody to lie to me 10 times to understand that they're lying. I only need to understand. It was 2016 when I realized, oh, they were lying to me during the campaign because these people who voted for Trump, they're not as crazy as they made it sound. That's when I realized, oh, these people have an agenda. Okay, I'm not listening to them anymore. I only need to hear it once. See, smart people, we experience something one time and we get the point. Some of us are a little bit slower. We gotta hear the same thing over and over again before it gets through our heads. And the bones in the head, the skull, these are the hardest bones in the body because they're there to protect your brain. So we got hard heads, if you get my metaphor here. Sometimes you gotta experience something over and over again. So some of you just woke up today. Good morning. All right, so let me pause there. Let me move on to the second point.