This could be a Netflix documentary. If you've ever made a bet online in America, listen closely. Last night, Calci was exploited by high rollers. They're about to make over a million dollars and then Calci scams them out of all of it. People are calling lawyers, forming groups on Twitter, filing Calci for fraud. So how did we get here? Calci is a political betting platform. Everyone bets, how many executive orders will Trump issue on day two? The odds are super low. They're 1% that you'll get this right. But if you hit it, the payout is life-changing money. You get like 99 to one. So all day, there's no executive orders. But then at 1026 PM, the White House releases an executive action, driving the market straight down. Everyone's trying to liquidate because they all bet that there's zero executive orders. One was just issued, so they're all trying to sell their stock. But then all of a sudden, when they think it's gonna hit zero, it doesn't. It starts to go up. The market's 3%, 4%, 6%. What was happening? People started to realize that according to the contract rules, an executive action was not an executive order. They could literally print money by betting on zero executive orders at a 1% chance returning $100 for every dollar. But it gets better. Around 11 PM, there's another update. Reporters on X start to leak that a new executive order has been issued. But the official White House website is blank. Chat's going insane. What's happening? Bets are ripping. The betting will end at 10 AM. It's literally a countdown. Who has the balls, the kahunas, to stay in knowing that at any moment, this executive order could be posted and you will lose everything? Finally, 8 AM rolls around. The White House website issues the rumored executive order, but it isn't one. It's a memorandum. But Cal State rules that it was an executive order. Complete chaos ensues. Lawyers are being dialed in. The CFTC is being called. Everybody's scrambling. At this point, you're gonna need to know the official rules. Which state, the source agency for the bet, is the White House. So, what confirms an executive order from the White House? Official White House website issues, presidential statements. If it is an executive order, it will say executive order at the top, like this. The previous ruling from day one also tells us that Cal State counted 26 executive orders on day one. The exact number of published articles on the White House website with executive order, like this, at the top. But there are no published articles with executive order on 121. These are the two that were published. There is nothing at the top. When an official White House post calls it a memorandum, it's absolutely the silver bullet. Because on the website, Cal State explicitly states that if it is a memorandum, it is not an executive order. But Cal State ruled on the other side of it, saying that it was an executive order. So, trying to calm down the chat, Cal State decides to give an explanation, but it makes things even worse. Chat points out that the source referenced by Cal State isn't even from the White House, which is where it has to come from, according to the contract rules. It's dated wrong, and it's a fact sheet, not even an executive order. But you tell me, are they just mad that they lost over a million dollars, or did Cal State break their own rules? Because every single document being referenced is pinned in my profile. DM me if you're a lawyer trying to make this case. There is a group of people with a collective payout at over a million dollars. Let's get these folks paid.