There were ice operations in Northern Virginia over the weekend as well. This is video of one of those operations in Fairfax County. Residents there expressing concern about enforcement teams coming to their doors. Northern Virginia Bureau Chief Julie Carey is live in the Beacon Hill area now with what we know about the operation. Julie, what can you tell us? Well, hang on. These are actually called the Beacon Hill Apartments. When you're going down Richmond Highway in Fairfax County, they're right behind the Home Depot and the giant and the residents in that particular building. They tell me they had a rude awakening yesterday morning when the ice agents rolled in. That's how Sunday morning started for the residents in this three story building. One resident says he was awakened around 615. I woke up to very loud. What I would categorize as aggressive knocks at my door. I approached the door, but before opening it I asked who it was. I heard in response that it was the police. I asked if they had a warrant. They indicated that they did. He says when they gave him an Hispanic name, he didn't recognize he opened the door. I fully expected to see Fairfax County police at the door. Instead, I saw a group of men. It was at least four, but I think it was more decked out in what I would describe as like tactical gear in the video provided to news for by another resident. You can see the word police and the acronym ERO, which stands for enforcement and removal operations within ice. I told them that they should be ashamed of themselves, that they were breaking up families and that you know what my government was doing. It was embarrassing and they're embarrassing our country. Early morning door knocks more traumatic for another neighbor who spoke to our Telemundo 44 partner and asked we conceal her identity. He is the bank on moon. They were knocking very hard on the door. They were trying to force it open. They kept trying to turn the handle and kept pushing hard against the door. She says the incident was so frightening to her 10 year old that she was crying and asked not to go to school today. She's afraid that when she comes home from school, I'll be gone. Residents say they do not believe anyone was taken into custody. This resident telling our Juliana Valencia. He's upset everyone was subjected to the predawn door knocks and I asked them if they could just tell them hey like if you have a warrant it's for a specific apartment. Are you knocking on everyone's door? I kind of reiterated some of the concerns. The individual who seemed to be in charge. Threatened to lock me up, asked me if I wanted to be locked up. That would be more accurate across the country on Sunday. ICE officers arrested 956 people that compared to about 300 today back in September more than 2600 people have been picked up since President Trump inauguration. The White House social media feed featuring post after post of people ice has arrested. We asked ice for more information and about why they came to this Beacon Hill building who they were looking for, but we have not yet received a response. So I've actually reported at this building before back in September. I had a story about a man and a woman. Here were arrested on very serious child abuse charges. I was at her court hearing on Friday and her defense attorney mentioned in court that she had immigration issues. Now we don't know if ice was here looking for either one of those people, or if they were looking for someone else. Back to you now in the studio. Alright, still a lot of things to just sort out and figure out. I know a lot of questions for the people who live there as well. Julie Carey, thank you for bringing us up to speed. Thank you.