Okay she's back again with another vlog. Not really. This is me and Dalton going to Harris Farms in Albury. Victorians aren't blessed with this so enjoy this experience. It's like a big fresh food farmers market. It's got everything. We've got fresh produce, yogurt section, more fresh fresh produce, well can't speak, a little like Asian section. They had mochi balls, ramen noodles. This was dips and like organic patty type things, kombucha, juices, you name it they've got it. This is a vegan section for my BFF Eli. Just imagine look some vegan wasabi mayo. Wow go off. This is the kombucha we got. It's slayed. It's the best kombucha I've ever had. It's from my name jackfruit. This is the nut section. So Dalton found some chocolate coated macadamia nuts. These are just random cool things that I thought were cool. Like a help yourself section. I'm not really sure what this is. This was all honey, different types of honey and you can pour your own honey which is crazy because we just don't have that. Some Beechworth honey if you know you know. This is like teas. So all different types of teas that you can pick and weigh. Peanut butter, almond butter section. Coffee brew section. Pour your own olive oils, balsamic oil. Cheese section aka heaven. It's got all this shredded parmesan etc etc. Some cool biscuits and stuff. Some cool popcorn. Some more dips and meats and types. I can't speak. Pickles. This is also the deli section so you can get all your fresh meats. Anchovies of course. There is also a seafood section but we went at like 6 p.m. so it's shut. Meat section again like a butcher. Then we move into the pasta section. You can even buy these like make your own pastas which is crazy. Pizzas. They even have like homemade soups in a jar which I think is coming up. Yeah there we go. Oh there you go again. Yogurt from the looks of it. You can pour your own milk into your bottles which is kind of crazy. Frozen fruit, frozen ice cream. I don't know why I said frozen ice cream. Pistachio. Yep all different types of stuff. Literally this place is massive. Frozen foods like seafood and dumplings. Caramel slices. Cashew caramel slice. Homemade brownies and all that stuff. There's like all the bread type. Bread baked goods type stuff which is insane. Bagels.