Oh, hey, it's me, that annoying girl on the internet talking about special elections. You know, I didn't know what a special election was, blonde girl moment. And so with the current state of the United States, I promised myself that the one thing I would do would be to help people understand what a special election is. Politics in this country gets so complicated that sometimes I think when we're voting, we think about what we need for right now, today, but we don't understand like how it's all put together and how it works together as a whole. And so I've been making these silly little videos, trying not to be too complicated so that people can understand what a special election is. And it encourages them to learn about the candidate in their district, which is, you know, a section of the state that has their county or counties in it so that they know why they're voting and who they're voting for. And to be honest, I'm 48 years old and I could have cared less what a special election was until this year. And so we have special elections coming up in Florida, because we're trying to fill two House of Representatives seats. The Florida special election is on April 1st, but early voting already started today, March 22nd. We have a special election coming up on March 25th for the state of Pennsylvania, and they're going to be filling a House of Representatives seat and also a Senate seat. And then the next really important one that's coming up on April 1st would be the special election in the state of Wisconsin, and that is for judges. And the judges are like imperative because it's what keeps the checks and balances in the government here in the United States. So listen, I'm not here to make anybody feel stupid or bad or confused or, you know, idiotic. I'm here to help you understand what a special election is. And if you don't want to put it in the comments, you can private message me and I will help you with the questions that you have. And most importantly, please get out and vote.