Here are the current betting favorites for who will become the next president of the United States in 2028. Coming in at number 10 we have Ro Khanna who is a state representative for California and he has plus 3,300 odds for being the next president. At number 9 we have Mark Kelly who is the senator of Arizona and he also has plus 3,300 odds of being the next president. At number 8 we have Donald Trump Jr. who is obviously the son of the current president Donald Trump and he also has plus 3,300 odds of being the next president. Coming in at number 7 we have Gretchen Whitmer who is the governor of Michigan and she is the fourth and final person on the list with plus 3,300 odds of being the next president. At number 6 we have Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez who is a state representative of New York and she has a plus 2,500 odds of being the next president. Coming in at number 5 we have Pete Buttigieg who is the former U.S. Secretary of Transportation and he has a plus 2,100 odds of being the next president. Coming in at number 4 we have Josh Shapiro who is the governor of Pennsylvania and he has plus 2,000 odds of being the next president. At number 3 we have Gavin Newsom who is the governor of California and he is leading the Democratic Party with plus 1,750 odds of being the next president of the United States. Now at number 2 we have the craziest one and that is current president Donald Trump who literally according to the Constitution cannot be elected for a third term but he is leading the entire Democratic Party and is coming in at only plus 500 odds of again for the third time being the president of the United States in 2028. And coming in at number 1 we have current Vice President J.D. Vance who is the heavy favorite to be the next president of the United States at only plus 330 odds which is significantly higher than his competition which realistically is not Donald Trump but is Gavin Newsom who is sitting at plus 1,750. So he has a solid plus 1,500 odds on his competition. So many people believe that the next president of the United States is not currently on any of these lists. Who do you think it is? Put them in the comments below and I'll keep an eye on them.