You might have heard about PolyMarket, an American platform where people can bet on a variety of things. On elections, who will win in the US presidential election, who will win in the Canadian election, and so on. On the war in Ukraine, how long will it last, and so on. By and large, people can create events, and then choose a side. The winning side gets a lot of money, the losing side loses. So, despite the fact that PolyMarket is a very cool thing, it is a stock exchange. And, accordingly, in order to participate there, people need to go in, pass verification, the process is complex, and so on. And in order to solve this problem, we decided to write our version of PolyMarket in Ligushka. Literally today, we released a feature called Events, which allows people to create a variety of events. The level of whether there will be a truce after May 9, or whether the war in Ukraine will end before the end of summer, or whether Putin and Zelensky will meet, and so on. And after that, other people can join the voting. By voting, they put some amount of money. And if the event happened, they get more. If the event did not happen, they lose their money, but they get it from people who bet on the opposite event. In short, as it seems to me, the functionality is quite cool, and in order to start it beautifully, we created three initial voting. Two of them on the topic of the war in Ukraine, about whether there will be a truce after May 10 or not, about whether Vladimir Zelensky and Vladimir Putin will meet before the end of summer or not, and the third one is about the price of Bitcoin, if I'm not mistaken, about whether Bitcoin will exceed $ 110,000 by the end of June. If you want, you can check it out, I will be glad to do it. Go to our mini-application, the link is in my profile, there you go to the Events section, and there you will find all the events. In parallel with this, if you are interested, go to the Staking and Hot Staking section, and there is a draw for the 16th iPhone, which will most likely be played out within the next two weeks. Subscribe to the Telegram channel and see you!