Welcome back to DMNinja. Today, we're making Kakashi Hatake from Naruto. Let's kick it over to MinMaxMark to start the build. To get things started on your Kakashi build, you're gonna take levels 1 through 3 rogue. I know a lot of people say monks for Naruto characters. Trust me, rogue. You'll thank me later. Well, we're starting off with Academy Kakashi. This is just after he gets out of the academy in Konoha. All right, so sneak attack is gonna be the biggest thing here. 2d6 damage at level 3. You're gonna have cunning action that gives you all that extra speed required for lightning blade. Then, you're gonna take the inquisitive roguish archetype. That can be found all the way over in Xanthar's Guide to Everything. Then we're gonna look at insightful fighting. This you get at level 3 when you take the roguish archetype. Insightful fighting allows you to identify a weakness and automatically get sneak attacks. But DMNinja, what about all those jutsu? The Shining God Eye? That's coming. Let's get started with those jutsu. You're gonna take levels in sorcerer. Your origin is gonna be shadow magic. Spells equal jutsu. First level, you're gonna take Witch Bolt. Third level, that's where all the cool stuff happens. You can have fireball jutsu. But most of the jutsu aren't really gonna come online until you have three levels in sorcerer. MinMaxMark forgot to tell you, the best part of choosing a shadow magic sorcerer is that you get your very own ninja hounds at level 6. So, unlocking the full power of the Shining God, we're looking at a similar situation to what he does in the Zabuza fight where he's canceling all the Zabuza attacks with his own. Matching him jutsu for jutsu using the copy ability. We're gonna do that, but we're basically just taking counter spell and taking it to Flavortown. What you're gonna do is when your opponent casts a jutsu, you're gonna counter it by casting the same jutsu, which is really counter spell, and what it looks like to everyone else is they cast fireball jutsu, you match it with fireball jutsu. The two collide in the middle, the spells cancel out. Looks great, no one gets hurt. You can add the Mangekyo Shining Gun or Kamui, which is basically just the banishment spell. You make things disappear. Lightning Blade, Lightning Blade, Lightning Blade. All right, now it's time to build our man's one and only original technique, the Lightning Blade. So this one has a little bit of homebrew. You're gonna definitely need to talk to your DM to make sure it works. But everything is technically a spell that's already there and you can technically do all of this in one turn. You're gonna use Insightful Fighting on your first turn to set this up. Do whatever else you want with the rest of your turn. The second turn of the combat, we're going to use our action to use a Dagger Sneak Attack, which we set up with Insightful Fighting. We're gonna use one Sorcery Point to quick cast Witch Bolt, except we're going to upcast it to level three. And we're gonna combine all of this into one attack. To be fair to your DM, let's roll this at disadvantage since it's technically two attacks. All in all, your total damage, you get your 1d6 for the Dagger, plus your Dex modifier, plus 2d6 Sneak Attack, plus 3d12 Lightning Damage. Let's go. Oh, that's a lot of damage. I can't wait to see it in action. I'm building this for myself. I'll be the ultimate ninja. Now, let's say you have a really fun DM that believes in the rule of cool, and you want to make this even cooler. Well, guess what, lucky viewer? You can do that. You can build it. Let's bring in Homebrew Hank. All right, to start off the homebrew options, we're gonna look at the Shining Gun. So basically, it's a one-minute duration spell effect. You get plus three AC. Sorcerer spell that you see, you can copy it during that time. So if you're using the counter spell effect to cancel their spell attack, you can then copy that spell as long as it's a sorcerer spell that you can use. After the one minute when it wears off, you unfortunately take two levels of exhaustion, which is built based on what we saw with Kakashi and how he was really exhausted after the Zabuza fight. So I think it's a cool flavor thing. I don't know, take it or leave it. Then you have overusing your techniques or overcasting. I saw this from a different TikTok. You can basically use levels of exhaustion to build spell levels for your spell slots. So basically, let's say I'm out of spell slots. I want to cast a level one spell like Witch Bolt. I can take one level of exhaustion. Let's say I only have a level two spell slot. I could take one additional level of exhaustion and cast a level three spell. This also mimics Kakashi constantly having to overuse his abilities and really putting himself in a bad place. You didn't hear this from me, okay? All right, kids. That's the basic build. The rest is up to you. Feel free to take feats to modify it as you see fit. If you choose human variant, you can take a feat at first level. I recommend something like mobile. Maybe later you could take on something like War Caster. Maybe Spell Sniper. Who knows? I hope you have a lot of fun playing it, but remember, creativity is king.