I've been scared to post this, I'm going to be honest. I made a video about four months ago sharing predictions from a Vedic astrologer named Gurmeet Singh. It got a lot of attention and is still getting a lot of attention today. A lot of those predictions have come true. They were made well in advance of the things that have happened. It freaked a lot of people out and I am hesitant to post any updates, which I will do in this video, but given the state of the world and the fragility of our freedoms, it's just something that I've been a little bit worried about posting. Luckily, I don't live in the United States, so I am okay with sharing these updates from Gurmeet Singh. Now, since the video I posted, Gurmeet actually saw the video and he contacted me, basically letting me know that he would be making an update and it would be an update that would be for the next three years. So buckle up, people. Now, before I get into the next three years of predictions, I just want to go over and reiterate the predictions that were made in the first video I made, the ones that were the most shocking that did come true. And as many of you know, Elon Musk's exit from the Trump administration was one of those predictions that Gurmeet Singh made, and it in fact just happened. Also, March-April 2025, stock market crash. That indeed did happen. Obviously, it kept going up and down, but there were multiple stock market crashes. That prediction was made seven months in advance of that occurring. And then March 2025, there was a massive earthquake in Southeast Asia. There were multiple hurricanes, storms, flooding, and you can go back to that prediction to go see what I said about that. So, shit did hit the fan and continues to hit the fan for the world and for the United States. Let's get into the next three years. I want to preface this by saying these are not my predictions. I do not know what is going to happen. I am not a Vedic astrologer. These are Gurmeet Singh's predictions. If you want to ask any questions, he now has a TikTok and you can tag him and you can follow him if you'd like, but he would prefer to remain slightly under the radar. I am just a vessel for telling everyone about this. I'm going to try and condense it as much as I can to get to the main points of it all. Here we go. So, starting May to August 2025 is a legal disaster for Trump. His executive orders are going to get blocked left and right, as we've seen, and world leaders will continue to play him like we've seen with Qatar and other leaders. So, this is going to continue to happen, and obviously we know that it is Trump first, not America first. This isn't really, I would say, a shocking prediction. It's just telling us that this isn't going to end anytime soon, like this month or anything like that. It's going to go up until August for sure, where these legal disasters kind of continue. On top of that, we will see prices rise, shelves will become empty, and the trade war will keep biting back at our economy, or the US economy at the very least, and everyone really involved the global economy. Again, in that first prediction, during this time, J.D. Vance's chart is also becoming more favorable, but we will talk about that later on as the years progress. So, things will get better for Donald Trump. Starting August 7th, 2025, Trump is entering his golden period. He will start to win in the courts. He will gain more policy power, and will have a strong grip on government, and the American people will be suffering because of all of this. Continued mass deportations will trigger the labor shortages. Tariffs will jack up prices on everything. Inflation will explode. You will pay more. The American people will continue to pay more. The prices are not going to drop. October to December 2025, there is a window of hope. So, this window is Trump's moment to fix what he's done, and end the trade war, ease inflation, and boost the stock market. This is his chance, and looking at these predictions, if he doesn't do it, there's a world of pain ahead, because that golden moment, that window where he can reverse any of the damage that has been done, will end December 6th. So, we've got October to December 6th is basically the time where he can either make some decent trade deals that stabilize the economy, pull back on these crazy whirlwind of tariffs that make no sense, or he'll double down and continue on this rampage of chaos and destruction. Then, February to April 2026, there is still a crisis. There's a crisis ahead, because of all those decisions that have been made in the past. It will catch up. So, inflation will spike, a recession will deepen, and the GOP will push tax cuts, but you'll pay with tariffs on everyday goods. So, this is going to benefit billionaires and not the everyday people. So, if change doesn't happen, this is the pain. This is going to be a long-term pain. Now, the question is, will Trump go to full-blown dictator mode? And there are two potential paths that Gurmeet Singh is predicting. He has until, what he believes, November 2026 to go all in on this. So, he has still quite a bit of time to really make moves. He's testing the limits right now, which people seem to already know. It's about his ability to block elections, suppress votes, change voting laws, all of that. That will really provide him with the ability to become a dictator and this administration to become a dictatorship fully. There are two paths. So, those two paths include the midterm elections, whether or not any laws can get changed before that. If they cannot, and things, people can vote as usual, then it's possible that the GOP will lose big, and the Democrats will launch an impeachment against Trump. That has a 70% chance, according to Gurmeet Singh, but he is not 100% sure of that prediction. His second prediction, which has a 30% chance of happening, is that the elections and votes will get suppressed. There will be voter chaos, protests, and possibly the Insurrection Act will be invoked. Astrology is leaning towards scenario one, but both are possible. Now, the Trump and Musk bromance. Obviously, we've seen a disillusion of it for now, but Musk still could play a role in the upcoming midterms in terms of money and finances and voter suppression, bribing people to vote, etc. But the problem is that Musk's astrology is really bad. By late 2026 into early 2027, Musk faces career freefall. His jobs at Tesla and Doge are basically on the chopping block. I mean, Doge, he's gone from, but will he be able to come back from that? We don't know. At Tesla, it looks like he is not doing that well, and Trump doesn't seem to need him anymore, so he might just toss him aside if he can't do anything with his money to win an election. Now, 2027 to 2028, this is where things start to become Trump's most dangerous period. He could have health decline, impeachment, 25th Amendment, and maybe even a resignation. So, we will need to wait until 2027 to 2028 before really Trump faces any consequences for anything that he is doing. It's looking like his approval will tank, his party will turn on him, and there will be no chance at a third term for Donald Trump. That's not to say the Republican Party cannot win in 2028, but Trump will not be president in 2028 or get elected in 2028. I spoke to Gurmeet Singh on the phone, and he said he is 1000% of this prediction. However, he does believe that J.D. Vance will take over by summer of 2028 before the elections as president. He firmly believes in this as well. So, given that, I mean, all of what Trump is doing, if J.D. Vance takes it over, it's not going to stop. So, it's really up to whether or not people can vote, and if they like what J.D. Vance and the Republican Party is continuing to do, whether or not we'll continue to see a Republican dictatorship and authoritarian regime, but it won't be under Trump this time. These predictions are years in advance, so we really won't know for a long time, but the next part won't come until August 2028, when basically J.D. Vance will most likely be the president of the United States because Trump can no longer be president, loses confidence, etc., etc. So, hopefully, we will see democracy prevail and the people will have their voices heard. There are a number of paths due to free will and what basically will happen with voting and the midterms that will dictate how bad things go. Trump is going through a really good phase by August of this year until basically the end of next summer. That's what I've got. Peace.