Text polls, because nothing says unbiased scientific accuracy like text blasting people who click links from unknown numbers. If you get a lot of political polls, it's probably because you're a prime voter. Prime voter is electoral pollster speak for baddie. Basically, it means you voted in a previous primary election. And as a reward for completing your civic duty, your phone buzzes more than the head of someone who washes their byvans down with a black cold brew. As we get closer to the New York City June 24th primary, you might get texts about polls. There are four poll types and what you need to know. Public polls are the ones conducted by academic institutions, aka nerds. They're looking to speak to a sample of voters to make broader assumptions about the larger group. You can identify public polls because they identify themselves, they're transparent, and they typically publish their results. Internal campaign polls are conducted by campaigns for their own purposes. These could include message testing, where a candidate tries out different descriptions to see what will resonate with voters. If you get a survey that looks like a regular poll, but starts shit-talking a specific candidate, congrats, you've gotten a push poll. Push polls are just campaign propaganda dressed up as a quiz. One reporter received a New York City comptroller-raised survey that included statements like, Justin Brannan is a bully. It's like an algebra test, but instead of find X, it just says, X is a fugly slut. And finally, we have scam polls. These aren't really polls at all, they're just scams that look like polls. Which sounds about right, considering the state of both politics and capitalism lately. Scam polls often ask for really personal stuff, like your social security number and banking information. Sometimes, polls offer money as an incentive. But if it's enough to buy tickets to O'Mary, that's a red flag. So the next time your phone buzzes asking, so what's your take? Take a moment to find out what kind of poll it is. Ask yourself, who is it? What do they want? And why are they talking like that? And remember, no legitimate poll needs your mother's maiden name to understand your feelings about the local city council race.