Hey everybody, whoa, President Trump is not happy. Okay, the ceasefire is going into effect, but there was a little bit of gamesmanship. Bombs going back between Israel and Iran, and President Donald Trump, he goes to the White House lawn and he drops the F-bomb, watch this. I'm not happy with Israel. You know, when I say, okay, now you have 12 hours, you don't go out in the first hour and just drop everything you have on them. So I'm not happy with them. I'm not happy with Iran either. We basically have two countries that have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the f- they're doing. Do you understand that? What is that all about? Well, President Donald Trump, you know what? He is the peacemaker president. If you dare, it doesn't matter for Israel, doesn't matter for Iran, if you even go one inch beyond what you agreed with him, he is going to unleash hell and fury. But right now, the ceasefire is in effect. There is peace coming in the Middle East. By the way, for all you libs out there that hate Donald Trump, Joe Biden didn't do this. No nuclear program for Iran, no troops on the ground, no war, no regime change, no nation building. So what do you have to say for that? All the anti-Trump voices on TikTok. No, please come in the comment section. You guys talk a big game. You guys act like, oh, I hate Trump. What has your president or the president you support ever done? What's Kamala Harris ever done? J.D. Vance, President Trump and J.D. Vance, they just delivered peace in the Middle East and a ceasefire. And by the way, they threw it down against anyone that would dare speak against them. That includes Israel, Iran, doesn't matter. Doesn't matter what country you are. It's America first, we're calling the shots. By the way, you know President Trump ended a potential nuclear war between India and Pakistan. You probably don't hear that all the time. Give this man the Nobel Peace Prize. The border's completely secure. Zero people are coming across the southern border. Inflation is going down. Gas prices are going down. You're about to see the largest tax cut in history. No tax on tips. You're about to see no tax on overtime. You're gonna see incredible amount of work here. And so for all the anti-Trump voices on TikTok, maybe you guys should go live in reality. And yeah, you know who I'm talking about because the golden era is here. The golden age is here. He's brokering peace. By the way, Russia, Ukraine is next. You better believe it. Only President Trump can do this. Major victory. And President Trump was mad this morning. Do not wrong him. He will call you out and he'll make stuff happen. Make America great again.