So, Polymarket came out with betting odds that JD Vance will win the presidency in 2028. I mean, what are we doing here, man? Why can't we just find someone who's just righteous, someone who's like, this goes for both sides too, damn it, and Republican, why can't we find someone who doesn't have a ton of baggage or is linked to some crazy ideology like JD Vance, man? This is totally insane. I don't understand, what the heck, bro. JD Vance is super dangerous, I don't know if you know, he's pretty much the lackey of Peter Thiel, and Peter Thiel is one of the most, how do I put this politically correct? Let's just say he's not the best person in the world, and that's a far stretch. Obviously, all the things with Palantir and spying on people, and a lot of people didn't like that. JD Vance is directly linked with that, and also, I mean, he just reeks of evilness, bro. I mean, come on, dude, let's look at this clip of him talking about how peace and safety is something of the Antichrist, and yeah, we shouldn't have peace and safety then? I don't know. What is his point? What is going on here? You're an investor in AI, you're deeply invested in Palantir, in military technology, in technologies of surveillance, in technologies of warfare, and so on, right? And it just seems to me that when you tell me a story about the Antichrist coming to power and using the fear of technological change to sort of impose order on the world, I feel like that Antichrist would maybe be using the tools that you were building, right? Wouldn't the Antichrist be like, great, we're not gonna have any more technological progress, but I really like what Palantir has done so far, right? Isn't that a concern? Wouldn't that be the irony of history, would be that the man publicly worrying about the Antichrist accidentally hastens his or her arrival? Look, there are all these different scenarios. I obviously don't think that that's what I'm doing. I mean, to be clear, I don't think that's what you're doing either. I'm just interested in how you get to a world willing to submit to permanent authoritarian rule. Will, but again, there are these different gradations of this we can describe, but is this so preposterous, what I've just told you, as a broad account of the stagnation, that the entire world has submitted for 50 years to peace and safetyism? This is 1 Thessalonians 5.3, the slogan of the Antichrist is peace and safety, and we've submitted... Not to mention that both of these dudes pretty much are techno-feudalists, and they learned all they had wanted to learn from Curtis Yarvin, this loser who felt like he was left out, so he just wanted to make a techno-feudal state. We can't afford any more degradation to this country, man. I don't know if you know what a techno-feudal state is, but basically corporations own cities, and you work for the corporation and not the government. It's a form of techno-libertarianism. It's ridiculous. It's disgusting. And you're basically under the yoke of some form of corporation, similar to when they had company towns back in the day. You get paid in their currency, and really you're not going to be able to leave. It's terrible, bro. Anyways, that's who we want as Americans to be the next President of the United States.