The Polymarket is a platform that allows you to recreate the action of gambling, betting, risk and chance in a common way. Obviously, all the citizens of the world access this platform. They tend to different situations that are presented, whether in politics, sports or other areas. And the one who wants to participate, Junior, puts economic bets. The problem is when an entrepreneur wants to become a politician and wants to lead in an irregular way a whole Bolivian people that is hopeful, Junior, that things will go well and that we have an electoral process that really gives us security and hope that things will improve. Mr. Claro has a vision that is entrepreneurship. And Mr. Claro does it very well and always looks for economic profits and benefits from what he is doing. So we can't understand that he says, Ah, no, I want to bet on this candidate because tomorrow we are going to generate jobs. The entrepreneur competes, Junior, and what does call our attention and is on our social network. And Mr. Claro has revealed it, Junior. It's not that I say it or society says it, that I didn't know this platform. Mr. Claro has published on his social network, pointing out that in Polymarket, on this platform, the one who leads the bets would be Samuel Dorian Medina. He has said it, it's not that we say it. And he still places us in a very daring way. Be careful, this bet is already around 4 million or 3 million and 700,000, which was until yesterday. But there is a man who is denominated as Alphaman or Alphamen, which is translated or explained in English. This Alphamen turns out, Junior, that every day he puts $5,000 in favor of Samuel Dorian Medina. So I think the most evident example we have is that these supposed political tendencies are being handled with the wallet, Junior. It's not the feeling of the people. The entrepreneur, who thinks he's a politician and he's not, somehow wants to benefit from this electoral process. And I think it's an insult to think that because he says we're going to go to a betting booth, because he says we have to go for a candidate, the people are going to listen to him as if we were his employees. Thank you.