Lock in, fuck niggas. We only have 471 days left into the 2026 midterm election. And my job is for you to understand the jobs that people are running for and who's running for these jobs. And today we're covering the U.S. Senate race in Kentucky. First, if you fuck with me, make sure you hit that follow button. Let's get it. As of today, Mitch McConnell is the current holder for the U.S. Senate seat in Kentucky. He has been in politics since 1985, but he is not seeking re-election. Our first Democrat candidate is Pamela Stevenson. She is a military vet and is a House representative for Kentucky in District 43. She was the first black woman in Kentucky to be nominated for Attorney General. She's also well-known for giving a speech defending gender-affirming care for trans youth. She also wants more access to healthcare and a better education system. And of course, these are her top contributors for her last campaign. Our next candidate is Republican Andy Barr. He is the House representative for District 13 in the U.S. House. He believes in the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. He is pro-life and was against a Supreme Court ruling that recognized same-sex marriage. He also voted not to impeach Donald Trump. Our next Republican candidate is Daniel Cameron. He was the 51st Attorney General for Kentucky, and during his position as Attorney General, he wanted the power to regulate abortions in Kentucky. His office was also in charge in an investigation of the Breonna Taylor case where they decided not to charge the two officers. In 2020, Donald Trump was considering him to be part of the Supreme Court. Our last candidate who is a Republican is Mike Forrest. Now, he is a military vet who does believe that judges should be removed if they're blocking America First agendas. He also wants to remove the Affordable Care Act and believes that parents deserve more power and remove woke ideologies in schools. Now, there are a few more candidates, but we don't have enough information on them. If you know anyone in Kentucky that needs this information, send this to them in Louisiana. You're next.