RNC Chair Michael Watley has announced that he will run for the U.S. Senate seat in North Carolina, setting the stage for the most fiercely contested and expensive race of the 2026 cycle. On July 28th, former Governor Roy Cooper made it official. I'm Roy Cooper, and today I officially announced my campaign for the United States Senate. The 68-year-old Nash County native announced that he will seek to replace retiring Republican Tom Tillis in the Senate. The two-term governor has never lost a race in his 40-year career and was still popular when he left office. I never really did want to go to Washington, but we are living in an extraordinary moment, and it's time for everybody to step up, and that's what I'm doing by running for the Senate. The former governor will try to be the first Democratic candidate since 2008 to win a Senate race in North Carolina. Here was the difference between winning and losing. A state that has proven frustratingly out of reach for the party at the federal level in recent years. Cooper will be joined in the field by Watley, who is endorsed by President Trump. The announcement came after the president's daughter-in-law, Laura Trump, opted out of the race. Politico reported that Trump believes Watley has the knowledge of the state, the national profile, and the donor network to be competitive against Cooper. Previously the chairman of the North Carolina GOP, Watley's success in getting Republicans elected in this state and loyalty to Trump earned him a promotion to RNC chair in 2024. He led the party to victories across swing states in that year's election. Watley echoed many of the president's false claims about voter fraud in that election. Watley was also in charge of the state party when it censured Senator Richard Burr for voting to impeach Trump over the January 6th insurrection, and when the party censured Senator Tom Tillis for supporting LGBTQ rights, immigration, and gun violence policies. Follow the Assembly for more updates on each candidate and the hotly contested race.