Gretchen, she doesn't care. She's actually part of the problem, sadly. After 2020, George Floyd's death, Michigan had written a slew of policing bills, and they didn't get passed. In 2022, the Democrats, we had flipped the House, the Senate, the Supreme Court. We gave the Democrats the trifecta. They could do anything that they wanted. There were 50 of these criminal justice and policing bills that were sitting up at Joe Tate's desk, some of them for almost two years. Some of them were criminal justice, and some of them were policing. I know about them very well because I was one of the dozens of social justice groups that would come up regularly to the Capitol to speak with legislators there to urge them to get them passed. Here's something I don't think a lot of people know. Michigan has a shortage of police, so they're willing to hire these wandering cops. This investigative reporter from Metro Times, Steve Nivelling, he actually does a really good job in covering this. He actually also entered a lawsuit to the state police, and I'll get to that. In Michigan, you can actually be a police officer that gets fired for excessive force in one police department, and you can walk right over to the next city and put in your application, and they'll do a background check, and they will never even know. Also, there are police departments that have a little trade-up thing going on with their police officers. The city of Warren, when they have a cop that's under investigation, they will send them over to Romeo, and then Romeo, they will actually just retire them, and then Romeo does the same back to Warren. So getting back to the Democrats and this policing transparency bill, they had a ton of opportunities to get this passed, and there is not one good reason, and I still want to know why. Also, I'm told that Gretchen is part of the reason. These are the bills, and you can pause to read. These are excessive force, mental health vetting and training. Others would require cops not to narc on another cop if they see them doing some shady shit, which we know is not going to happen. Body camera tampering, and there's also the big one, House Bill 5749, law enforcement disciplinary personnel records required to be subject to Freedom of Information Act requests. So I'm going to tag a video that I did about this, because at the very last week of the 2024 session, knowing that Republicans were taking over the House, they decided to try to cram all of these bills in the last week, knowing that they weren't going to get passed, okay? It was just complete chaos, and then Joe Tate just adjourned, and none of this shit got passed. And then there was even like nine bills that did, and a couple of them were the criminal justice, that were passed that never even made it to Gretchen Whitmer's desk for her signature, and I can't explain that. So now we have this asshole, the new Republican speaker, Matt Hull. He says he won't take up any criminal justice reforms. Actually, he wants to protect cops. Pause the read, but look at that last sentence. He says, we're going to reverse this trend so that they feel cared about again. He states here that for the next two years, criminal justice reform legislation, including the Second Look Act, which is something that I was working on, that they're not even going to be looking at this. So going back to the investigative reporter from Metro Times, Steve Nevelling, he actually sued the Michigan State Police with another group, because there's a national registry of bad cops that we should have. Most states actually participate in it. Michigan will not. If you go to Metro Times and look for his articles, there's a ton of articles. He does a really good job covering this. So yeah, if this is something that you care about and you live in the state, call your representatives. Yeah, go ahead, call Gretchen. You know what? I think that at the very bare minimum, we should have police transparency. This is ridiculous.