Homeland security secretary Kristi Noem is getting a taste of her own medicine right now. Thanks to Republican Senator Ted Budd of North Carolina. You see right now, Homeland security FEMA in particular is waiting for the Senate to confirm one of Donald Trump's nominees to help run the organization. And Ted Budd again, Republican Senator from North Carolina, which is important, voted against the nominee and said, I'm not going to do this. Kristi Noem and Donald Trump, you have screwed over my state of North Carolina with Hurricane Helene. Now, for those who may not remember, Hurricane Helene came through last year, started up down here in Florida, went all the way up to North Carolina, causing significant damage along the way. But North Carolina, even at the end of the hurricane, is what got hit the worst. Absolute utter devastation in the town of Lake Lure. And that happens to be, I have relatives that live there. So I know, I've seen pictures, I've talked to them. It's awful. And FEMA, when Trump took over, even though they ran last year of the campaign saying, Biden neglected you, North Carolina, I will fix you. FEMA pulled the money from them under Kristi Noem and said, North Carolina Republicans, thank you for putting Trump in office. We're not giving you any more money. And they were supposed to get a hundred million dollars more from Kristi Noem's FEMA, but Kristi Noem doesn't want to spend money. Not even if it's on Republican voters. So she said, no, I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. You don't get your a hundred million dollars. So Ted Budd says, great. I don't get the a hundred million dollars from my constituents. You don't get your staffers. You don't get approval for the people you need to help you run the agency. How about that? But I got to be honest here. I cannot give the credit to Ted Budd, even though he is the one officially blocking the nominee, because this is a fight that was actually started by Democratic representative for North Carolina, Alma Adams. And Alma Adams last...