What I like about Abdul is he obviously leads his politics with compassion, like he cares deeply about other people, at least from what I can tell. But beneath that compassion, if I could do some like psychoanalysis of what I've seen so far, is a red hot searing anger at the people who are causing the problem. Whether he's talking about the health insurers and the way in which they exploit Americans or corporations and how they've extracted more and more profit off of us while union busting or the U.S. role in the genocide in Gaza, whatever it is, I can tell there's a sort of like anger with which he approaches politics that doesn't influence how he speaks to voters, but is clearly there under the surface. And I think that the politicians that are able to sort of channel their anger and frustration of the establishment will be successful moving forward. What do you think his chances are? I can't tell you how many people I talk to who say, I'm supporting A or B. I'm not supporting Abdul. I like him a lot, but I just don't think he has a chance. And if I added up all those people, I'd be like, wow, well, you guys, if you supported him, he'd have more of a chance. But what do you what do you have to say when people say that he doesn't have a chance? And what are his qualifications? The conversation we have around like electability, who can actually win is a weird one, because the answer to those questions is just if they win or not. And if Abdul wins the primary, he'll win if the Democratic establishment gets behind him. And I think he's he's able to speak to a lot of voters that have been frustrated with the system. I think the issue he'll face is the obstacles laid in within dealing with the establishment as the establishment has tried to tank Zoran Mamdani. I mean, they still haven't like Hakeem Jeffries, despite living in New York City, representing New York City hasn't endorsed him. We saw the debacle with Omar Fateh in Minneapolis. I don't know if you've heard of this. So I think Abdul's biggest issue will be contending with those forces. And I hope after the primary, when I hope that he wins, the vote blue no matter who crowd shows up and votes blue no matter who.