I wanted to ask you about Prop 50. But before I do that, you raise a bigger question about, like, who will win in the midterms, to the idea that perhaps we won't have free and fair and open elections in 2026. We'll have a Putin-type election. How would you imagine that? Where do you see the sort of the breadcrumbs to that right now? Well, I mean... It's the ultimate fear, is that you no longer lose your... You no longer have your democracy to be able to make change peacefully. He knows he's gonna lose the midterm elections. He's underwater, and he's weak in every category. He's... Donald Trump is weakness masquerading as strength. He's weak in every key category. That's a fact. And we... And I think it's an important fact. He knows that. And that's why he dialed not for votes, but he dialed for seats. He said he's, quote-unquote, entitled to five seats. Called Greg Abbott, who is totally supine, said, yes, sir, and. Gave him the five seats in Texas to change the maps. He did the same thing in Indiana, Missouri. He's doing the same thing in Florida, likely Ohio, and we'll see what happens in Utah. And Democrats, we were gonna, you know, we're gonna hold hands, talk about the way the world should be, say it's just so unfair, maybe write an op-ed. Meanwhile, this guy's condolinating power. And so for us, we decided to push back and fight back. But it's not just that. That's the tip of the iceberg, rigging the midterm election, because he knows otherwise he'll lose. When we kicked off the campaign, and this is important for people to understand, when we kicked it off at the Democracy Center in Los Angeles, he sent out ICE and Border Patrol to intimidate folks from walking in to our event. He ended up arresting this poor soul that was just trying to sell strawberries as collateral damage to intimidate us. That is a preview, Stephen, of things to come in voting booths and polling places across this country. He federalized 4,000 National Guard in my state. He still has hundreds of federalized National Guard. He sent the United States Marines, not overseas, but to an American city, 700, active duty Marines. He sent the military to American cities to police American citizens. And the ICE issue is alarming beyond words. It is the largest private domestic army of its type, police force anywhere in the world. He'll have 30,000 people that increasingly appear to be swearing an oath of office to him, not the Constitution of the United States. Again, wake up to what's going on in this country.