Well, the New York Stock Exchange is now getting closer to the prediction market action. The owner of the 233-year-old exchange announced a $2 billion investment in Polymarket, which was founded just five years ago in 2020 and is a cryptocurrency-based prediction market headquartered in New York. Now, Polymarket has been plagued with controversy almost since inception, with the U.S. Department of Justice and Swiss, French, Polish, Belgian, and Singaporean regulators all investigating the firm in recent years for alleged violations of gambling rules. Only as recently as this July did the DOJ end its investigation, with Polymarket then buying a regulated exchange so it could legally operate in the United States, having been off-limits since 2022. Now, the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, is itself owned by a public company. That's one of my favorite fun facts. And that parent company is Intercontinental Exchange, trading, yes, on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker ICE. That's ICE. Now, with a market cap of $92 billion, ICE operates through three main divisions. First, exchanges, including the New York Stock Exchange and 12 other regulated exchanges and six clearinghouses, and they're located globally. Second, mortgage technology. And third, fixed income and data services, which facilitates debt trading. Now, across all these three segments, all over the world, ICE collects, aggregates, and monetizes massive amounts of data from equities to commodities to bonds to real estate. And now, with its cash going into Polymarket as a strategic investor, ICE will become a global distributor of Polymarket's event-driven data and sentiment metrics, adding to its already large treasure trove of analytics. And it's going to lend the credibility of its trophy assets just by association, like the New York Stock Exchange, as Polymarket pushes back into the U.S. market with a sparkling new $8 billion valuation. And prediction markets, as a result, seeming to go ever more mainstream.