So, Director Patel, I'm going to ask you a very broad and general question. As you know, Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein were friends. There are, of course, photos showing Donald Trump together with Epstein, correct? I don't have the entirety of the photographs, but I think they've been photographed in public together. All right. Are there any photos showing Donald Trump with girls of an uncertain age? No. How do you know that? Because that information would have been brought to light by multiple administrations and FBI investigators over the course of the last 20 years. Well, you know what, that's just not true, because no one knew about the creepy birthday message that Donald Trump wrote to Jeffrey Epstein until the Wall Street Journal disclosed it. And then all of a sudden, the Epstein estate provides it to Congress. Certainly, you weren't there at the search. You don't know what Epstein may or may not have done with those photographs being prior to the search. Maybe someone has it. Maybe the Epstein estate has it. You raise a great point. So I'm going to ask you, have you asked to talk to Michael Wolff? You raise a great point. I haven't personally asked to talk to Michael Wolff. Has the FBI asked? But the FBI, I'll get back to you if the FBI specifically has ever. So Michael Wolff has about 100 hours of testimony of Jeffrey Epstein. Wouldn't it be good for the FBI to interview Michael Wolff? I'm not saying they haven't. I just don't know. Has the FBI subpoenaed the tapes that Michael Wolff has conducted of Jeffrey Epstein? I don't know. All right. So if you could provide us an answer, that would be terrific. Sure. Well, let me ask you this question then. Have you looked at all the photos in Epstein files? I have looked at all the information that the investigators who investigated this case have provided to run out credible leads. In Epstein files, was there that creepy birthday message that Donald Trump had written to Epstein? That's what I was trying to tell you. You raise a great point. The estate of Jeffrey Epstein has a voluminous amount of information that they have not released before. Okay. So that's great. So wouldn't it be great if the FBI subpoenaed the estate of Jeffrey Epstein for all that information? The estate is under no obligation to provide that material, even pursuant to a subpoena. That's a great point. That's just, that's just false. Okay. That's just false. You're the fricking FBI. You can subpoena the information from the estate and you better do that. That's literally not how it works. I'm going to move on now and talk about Epstein's client list. You confirmed that exists, Attorney General Pambati confirmed earlier this year that exists. I just want to ask you a simple question. Is Prince Andrew on Epstein's client list? The material related to Prince Andrew has been made public. Is Prince Andrew on the client list? We have released the index of names that were in Jeffrey Epstein's. Is Donald Trump on Epstein's client list? The index has been released and the index will speak for itself. So I'm just going to say, America is a huge red flag. The FBI director could not answer whether Donald Trump was on Epstein's client list. Gentlemen, time has expired. I do not recognize this gentleman from Virginia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the director for being here and for his work over the last several months.