Here are the current betting favorites for who will become the 2028 Democratic presidential candidate. Coming in at number 8 we have ESPN legend Stephen A. Smith with a 5% chance of being the next Democratic candidate, which he has recently said that he does have interest in doing so. Coming in at number 7 we have Wes Moore who is the Governor of Maryland and he's actually relatively popular. He won with 64% of the vote in the previous election and he has a 6% chance of being the next candidate. Coming in at number 6 we have Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez otherwise known as AOC. She also has a 6% chance of being the next candidate, which is actually surprising. I thought she'd be higher up on the list. She's actually recently made headlines campaigning with Bernie Sanders and they've been actually filling out some extremely large crowds. So this is actually good value because I'm thinking that that percentage could actually go up in the near future. Coming in at number 5 we have Gretchen Whitmer who is the Governor of Michigan. Now she also has a 6% chance of being the next candidate. Now she only won her previous election with 54% of the vote but that is an improvement from the previous election she was in where she only won with 52% of the vote and Michigan is a battleground state so you're not going to get like a 65% plus unless you're extremely popular. But this one is kind of surprising especially putting her ahead of AOC. Coming in at number 4 we have Kamala Harris also with a 6% chance to be the next nominee. She is the last person with a 6% chance I swear. It kind of makes sense that she's going to be on this list. She was the nominee in the last election so it makes sense that she's in the mix here. Coming in at number 3 we have Pete Buttigieg with a 7% chance of being the next nominee. He was a candidate in the 2020 election. He was the Mayor of South Bend, Indiana and he was the former Secretary of Transportation. Very well-liked guy in the Democratic Party. Has a great shot being the next nominee. Next we have Josh Shapiro who's the current Governor of Pennsylvania and he has an 11% chance of being the next nominee. Now many people say that Kamala Harris should have picked him as her running mate in the 2024 election and he very well might have been the current Vice President. Coming in at number 1 we have Gavin Newsom who's the current Governor of California with a 16% chance of being the next nominee. Now he's lately made some rounds starting his own podcast and kind of breaking away from that far left ideology and trying to win over the middle ground of America. Many people say that's the start of his 2028 campaign which is why it lands him at the number one spot most likely to be the next Democratic nominee for President.