This is day three of living out with my car in the Hebrides. I'm going to be hitting all the must-see spots, so if you've only got one day to look around, then this is what I would do. The day got off to a very slow start, involuntarily, as I tried to make myself Freddie Breck and coffee. Very simple things. It was in this moment that I was very glad I brought a midgey net. Only used it the once, but definitely worth the money. The camper vans either side probably thought I was such a sorry little lugger in my Clio, having to cook outside. But this coffee was really cool. I went back to Luskin's hair again, I saw Toby, the Highland Pony, I went to the little honesty shop, which is dead cute, and I had a proper swim. Swimming in a wetsuit, it just didn't quite take it off for me. I needed to have a cold dip. And to be honest, I wasn't cold because I was running around the beach and having such a good time. And then on to Skarista Beach, which requires a little bit of a walk. I wouldn't say hike, but it's enough to kind of discourage some people. So it is nice and quiet over there. The mountain backdrops were amazing. I think by that point, the fog had kind of cleared up so I could see more mountains in the background. I couldn't see when I was at Luskin Tire, even though they were there. But I think there's more mountains in the backdrop of Skarista compared to Luskin Tire. It was very pretty, as you can see. And worth noting, the shells there are beautiful. And finally, to Hogobos Beach, which is through a campsite. And what I didn't know was that you actually have to drive through the campsite to get to the car park. And I just didn't understand. There was nothing online explaining that. So finally got there and went for a lovely little swim. There's lots of people there, families, and there's not much swell in the water. It is nice and safe for swimming or paddle boarding. I'll leave all the parking details below for Skarista and Hogobos, because I got very confused. And the campsite looked pretty cool. The facilities were nice. You could use the outdoor shower to rinse off all the salt water, which is great if you're not gonna have a shower that night. So I drove from here, soaked in my dry rug with the heat blasting, through some amazing mountain roads, all the way to Meep campsite, which I'll tell you about in tomorrow's video. But yeah, the next two nights at a campsite, I will fill you in. Follow for more of my Harris adventure. Thank you for watching. Bye.