You will not share your personal views on whether it is right or wrong to reinstitute discriminatory policies in this country to prevent black people from voting? Senator, my personal views are irrelevant. Yeah, so that was Senator Murphy cross-examining Donald Trump's pick to be the ambassador for South Africa. And Donald Trump's pick, a guy by the name of Leo Brent Bozell III, was not able to answer his views on whether the United States should discriminate against black people and prevent black people from voting, and whether the United States should simply take in refugees because they're white and not allow brown or black people to come in as refugees based on their skin color. I'm going to show you what went down. You're probably not seeing this on really any other media network out there, but this took place on Friday. And I'm also going to show you some Republicans who were grilling some of Donald Trump's other picks to be ambassador, a guy by the name of the Honorable Amir Ghalib. This guy was one of the people in Michigan who said that Donald Trump's going to be there to support the Palestinians, and Donald Trump loves Arabs and Arabs for Trump. He was that guy who sat on the city council there. I'm not sure if you remember him. But anyway, he was picked by Donald Trump to be the ambassador to Kuwait. And this guy previously said Saddam Hussein is a martyr and congratulated Donald Trump for invading Kuwait. So let me show you what went down at this hearing where these individuals were cross-examined. This is what Senator Murphy said when he cross-examined Leo Brent Bozell, who's Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Africa. Here, play this clip right here. Do you support having a refugee admissions policy in this country that only admits white refugees? Senator, I don't make that policy. Well, but it's really important. If I were to ask this question of virtually any nominee to be an ambassador prior to this panel, that would be an easy layup answer. No, of course, of course. Of course, we don't support having a refugee policy where we only admit white people. So why can't you give me your personal view on that? Because, Senator, I am here to serve America and to do what the president is asking me to do. I'll be following the executive order of February. Would you support reinstituting laws in this country to only allow white people to vote? Senator, I'm going to serve as ambassador to South Africa, and I'm going to focus on that. You will not share your personal views on whether it is right or wrong to reinstitute discriminatory policies in this country to prevent black people from voting? Senator, my personal views are irrelevant. I am serving here to do what the president is asking me to do in South Africa. That's just simply not true. The whole reason that you're appearing before this committee is because your personal views, your history is absolutely relevant to your fitness to serve. We wouldn't have this process if your personal views were not relevant. That is pretty stunning that you will not share your views not only on whether we should have a refugee admissions process that is race-based, but you won't share your personal views on whether we should reimpose discriminatory treatment against black Americans. That is absolutely relevant to your qualifications to serve, and your refusal to answer it, I hope, is something that every member of this committee will think about.