important because we are talking about redistricting and all of that right now and all these different states want to get in there and try to solidify a seat for the Republicans or for the Democrats and so we don't know exactly how that's all gonna play out but it might not matter if Democrats have an overwhelming victory. So if we're looking at 20 seats, if we're looking at 30 or 40 seats, the redistricting is not going to, they're not going to be able to, Republicans right now, and the reason I say Republicans is because President Trump is out there promoting this to the different states, Republican states, Republican-controlled states, saying look you guys need to do the redistricting so we can so we can earn more seats. So that's not going to matter if Democrats have a good showing. That's not going to matter if Democrats have that advantage and right now, plus 20, that's a pretty good advantage. But of course all of this doesn't mean anything if you don't vote and so if you're looking at this AI model and you're saying wow this looks good, Democrats could gain 20 seats, you might be on the other side saying this doesn't look good, Democrats will be able to gain 20 seats, but if you don't vote it doesn't matter. Okay let's go over, I want to take a look at a few questions here that you guys have had and as I stated there are a few people that have asked this question here, Belinda's asking here, what about the Senate? I have a video on the Senate so make sure you check that out. I will do another, so I'll do week two of the Senate in a few days and we'll see if there are any changes there. But what I've done with that is I use the same thing, AI model, it's actually not the same exact model, it's a different model, and with that model I did ask AI a series of questions and what AI did is they created a formula and they gave me a percentage and so they're saying okay Democrats have a 5.6% chance of taking back control of the Senate and Republicans have a 90, I think it was like 95% or 94% chance of taking back the Senate and so right now Republicans do have the advantage in the Senate. Democrats have the advantage in the House but Republicans have the advantage in the Senate and it's mainly because Democrats have more seats at risk in the Senate so it'll be a little bit harder for them. They're gonna have to flip Republican seats, Republican incumbent seats, and so that's gonna be very hard for them to do. But I do have that Senate video so make sure you check that one out. Okay let's take a look here and this is coming from Juan. Juan, thank you for the comment here. It says the US Supreme Court seems inclined to limit race-based electoral districts under the Voting Rights Act. The Supreme Court might net 19 seats in Congress for the Republicans if the DOP gains 19 seats as a result of the court ruling. How will this affect the midterm elections? Very, very good question and we don't know what's gonna happen with with the Supreme Court and how they're gonna come down and rule, but if they were to rule in favor of Republicans in this situation, I think this originated out of Louisiana, then you're going to have more states that are controlled by Republicans trying to redistrict. And so basically what they're gonna do is they're gonna try to draw new lines as fast as they can so they can get it done before