New York, New York. I'm about to throw up from the flow up. 93% this man is leading at 93%. Do y'all New York City? Can somebody get somebody from New York City on the phone and tell them to call me? What the hell are y'all thinking? Y'all really want this man running the city? Do y'all really think that's the safest thing? Look at this photo. Do you really want him running the city? He is un-American and I heard there was some shady stuff going on with his citizenship paperwork. Anyway, he I don't even think he was supposed to be here. And y'all want him running the city cuz y'all want what? Because he's promising y'all a free bus ride. Y'all gonna put the whole city on the line for a free bus ride for some free food. Y'all not about to get no free food from this man. Free rent. Come on y'all. You can't y'all cannot be this dumb. Y'all can't be y'all can't be this gullible. Don't be this gullible. I need this video to reach everybody in New York City. Y'all bet not do this. And everybody around him. I don't live in New York City, but I'm concerned because New York City is an American City. And we should not let people like him take over. He should be running for office in Afghanistan. He should be the mayor of Afghanistan. Maybe the mayor of Pakistan. But not New York City. Not any city in America. He shouldn't even be qualified to run for office in this country. That's all I'm saying. But this man is at 93% right now on Cal sheet and I'm gonna tell y'all right now that these election predictions. On this site is normally right half of the time. They're right. Most of the time. I mean, this is scary that people actually want him to be. They're not going to stop with him. They are they are going to want thousands of Zoran's or hands or whatever, whatever his damn name is running all over the country running for office all over America. New York City. Don't be crazy. Don't be crazy. Do the right thing. Don't choose him to somebody else. You can choose. Hermit the frog. I don't give a damn. Okay. I'll trust one of the wild trust. I would trust one of those New York City sewer rats to run the country before I trusted to run the city before I trusted him.