All right, ladies and gentlemen, it's looking like Republicans are in major trouble ahead of the 2026 midterm elections. This is poly market breaking. The odds of Democrats winning the house in the midterms have just soared past 70%. I know what you're thinking. Polls are just polls, but the poly market, it is not just any poll. It is a market where people put their money where their mouth is. If I remember correctly, if a poll reaches over 90%, it's almost basically guaranteed. Poly market was able to rightfully predict Mamdani would win New York City mayor, and now it's looking like Democrats will be winning house in midterm, soaring past a 70% margin. Now I know it's too early to tell. We've got a whole year. There's a lot Republicans can do to kind of salvage this. But why is it? Why do you guys think that it's looking like the Republicans are going to lose or are on track to lose by 2026? And that's not the only projection here. Poly market, everyone wants to know about the government shutdown. It's looking like the most probable thing that's going to happen is it's going to go past mid-November. It's not looking like it's going to end anytime soon according to this projection market. It's interesting, but I want to hear from you guys. Why do you guys think this is? Why is it that places like poly market, people are turning to it and saying, this is what I actually believe, and I'm willing to put money on it. You've got political analysts. It's basically polls are long gone. People are looking, I use it. I'm using it now as a way to really project the market here, the outcome, and it's not just politics, it's sports, it's almost anything. There's like a market for, will this happen before Grand Theft Auto 6 is happening? But anyways, I digress. Why do you guys think, or what can Republicans do before next year's midterm elections to win back these young voters, which many of them voted Democrat in the special elections just this week? I want to hear from you guys. Let me know in the comments down below what you guys think. I want to hear from you, and as always, hit that follow button for more breaking news.