Shane Copeland made a risky bet when he built PolyMarket in 2020. He did it fast, in just three months, and didn't seek regulatory approval as the law required. His chief competitor, Kalshi, did. In 2021, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission launched an investigation into PolyMarket. Copeland cooperated and ultimately paid a penalty. It was a $1.4 million fine. And also- It was a settlement. You could not have customers in the United States. Yeah, we had to go and geoblock trading in the US and move certain operations offshore. And it wasn't, hey, you're banned from trading in the US. It's like, until you're licensed. I mean, it was breaking the law. I mean, people say breaking the law, it's like, which law, you know? So if anything, it's incompatible. It's incompatible with the law. Yeah, with the regulatory matrix that existed. The regulatory matrix was pretty clear. US customers couldn't trade on PolyMarket. But plenty continued to. All they needed was a VPN connection to mask their computer's location. In 2024, in the final weeks of the Biden administration, Copeland got a surprise visit at home from the FBI. There was a lot of yelling and banging on the door. Like knocking, this is the FBI, or like- No, like a battering ram. He wasn't arrested, but agents seized his phones and computers. But with a new administration came a new appreciation for prediction markets. In July, the government dropped its investigations. And PolyMarket was able to buy a fully licensed, legally compliant trading platform, paving the way for their US customers to bet openly. Three months ago, Copeland named Donald Trump Jr., already an advisor to Calshi, to PolyMarket's advisory board. And Trump Jr.'s 1789 capital fund invested around $10 million in the company. I think there's going to be people watching who think that you put the president's son on your advisory board to get influence, to be able to protect yourself. So it's definitely not to protect myself. I mean, look, like they invested, right? We're in this admin. This admin is very pro-innovation and pro-crypto and pro-PolyMarket, which is amazing. The admin administration. Yeah. And, you know, I need help navigating that, right? I'm a young entrepreneur. If I have people who believe in what I do, who understand how politics works and can help me, help guide me and teach me, you know, there's nothing wrong about that. Last month, PolyMarket got its biggest validation yet. The company that owns the New York Stock Exchange announced it was investing $2 billion in PolyMarket. Days later, we met Copeland on the trading floor. What's it like to see your name up there? Yeah, I love it. I love it. It's cool, man. He told us PolyMarket's data will soon be integrated into the exchange to help investors and traders get an edge. What valuation now has PolyMarket been given? $9 billion post-money valuation. $9 billion. Did you anticipate that? I mean, I didn't start it to not get here, you know? Shane Copeland is now a billionaire, at least on paper, and PolyMarket, it still hasn't made any profit. It gives away its main product, its predictions, for free and doesn't charge fees on trades. At least, not yet.