It's a site where you can basically bet on current events. Some sort of question about the future, like an election. And as a result, when a ton of people are betting, you get the betting odds, which basically tell you how likely each outcome is. And how accurate is it? It's the most accurate thing we have as mankind right now, until someone else creates some sort of super crystal ball. Shane Copeland may be prone to hyperbole, but he's definitely on to something. The race is a dead heat. In the run-up to the 2024 presidential election, while pundits opined and pollsters canvassed, PolyMarket posted a simple question for users to put money on. Who will be the presidential election winner in 2024? Donald Trump started pulling away in early October. I think one thing that's important to understand about PolyMarket is, it is not a poll. That's not the function of PolyMarket. Correct. PolyMarket is trying to predict the outcome. The percentage of people who are gonna vote for a candidate is not the same as who's likely to win. And you would look at PolyMarket and it would say 70-30 for Trump. And people are like, no way it's gonna be 70-30. But he could win by one point, but he's 70% likely to win. Which is a different question than pollsters are asking. Exactly. But it's the question people actually want to know. By the way, we brought all four of you. PolyMarket posted another question, months before President Biden's disastrous debate. Biden drops out of presidential race? Early on, the odds hovered between 10 and 30%. The market was pricing it that it was unlikely, but that it was possible. And ultimately, during the debate, the price started skyrocketing. You could watch it during the debate. Exactly. And everyone was talking about it. Because by that point, odds were on PolyMarket, he's gonna drop out. Yes. The idea that this was able to go and surface this, at a time when a lot of the mainstream media, and like, no knock to mainstream media, but a lot of people were trying to say, hey, he's gonna stay in. The fact that PolyMarket was able to be the signal through the noise there, was our first step on the scene of mainstream politics.