and just expressly saying what the goal is of this kind of betting marketplace that seems to be emerging. Mark, you've mentioned multiple times that you think prediction markets will be bigger than the stock market. What is it gonna take to become a trillion dollar asset class? It's pretty much already like a close to 100 billion a year of asset class, right? Like it's pretty easy to imagine a 10X from here. Like we haven't even started. It's been a year. I think a very large number of people care much larger than traditional markets. And I think retail as a pie has just been growing in the U.S. and I think it's gonna keep growing. It's growing in the stock market. It's going outside of stock market. The long-term vision is to financialize everything. When he says retail is growing, what that essentially means, yes, is people are increasingly desperate and gambling and going into debt at rates that we haven't seen because we do not have an economy that works for people. So people are sports betting, people are day trading, all of that GameStop stuff was a precursor to this kind of thing. And now they're gambling on things like elections and like if there will be a ceasefire in Gaza. And even if the economy was delivered for every people, gambling is pathological. And the people that own these companies know that. And they know that a large number of people are going to develop addictions that ruin their lives, but they don't care because they're gonna make fucking money out of it. And all these prediction markets, there are two winners in it. There's the people like this who own it and the people that win on the bets. Having two winners is gonna necessitate a lot more losers than that. But that's the thing is these people aren't placing any bets. They just own it. They're gonna skim off the top of everyone else's action. And the only thing that these things serve, they should be completely outlawed. All these markets, you should have to go to like fucking Vegas to even bet on a sports game in my opinion. Because like all this is, is one, like it's pure speculation and in my opinion, even if you know who's gonna win the fucking Superbowl or score the first touchdown, you shouldn't be able to like make a windfall out of that. But the real thing is, and why powerful people like these things is because it allows them to bet on insider information that if they did it through fucking stocks, they'd be put in prison. Exactly. No, that's exactly it. Like there's just this thing, this story sort of breaking online today that people are noticing. And that on, I think it was on Polly Market, there was the ability to bet on who would be Google's most searched artist of the year, Google's most searched person of the year, all that stuff. And someone discovered an account that bet correctly on every single one. So the implication there is that this person must work for Google and knows exactly who Google's gonna pick before the best of, the most searched list is released. And they made their bets accordingly. Like this is, like if you were gonna bet on, if you're gonna financialize everything like he said, that means there's going to be those insiders at the very top who, as usual, but more so now with something like this, will be able to take advantage of the little guy, everybody else.