If you're looking for unique holiday gifts, you might want to check out the Potter's Market in Southfield, the popular event turning 50 this year, and it kicks off next Thursday, December the 4th, and runs through Sunday the 7th at the Southfield Pavilion, that is at the Southfield City Building campus over there on Evergreen. And we have an expert potter with us here today, Dave Farmer. Thanks for being with us. Joined by Bridget Blosser, who's the market manager, and I want to start off, Bridget, with you. Let's just talk about how popular the event is for the artists, what shoppers can expect, a little bit about that. This is a very, very popular show. It's a wonderful show. It's fun, and you can shop for hours there. You will find anything that you can possibly think of made in clay will be made. We have great customer service. If you need some help, we're all there to help you. Let's talk about the experience, the shopping experience. What people can expect when they come out, and of course, what they might see in terms of the variety. Oh, it's a huge variety. We have 100 potters, and we have anything from sculpture, whimsical, garden art, tiles, mugs, a lot of jewelry, and raccoon pieces, if you're familiar with raccoon. You'll find everything there. And of course, there's something that you can get and you can enjoy for years, and share with family, or maybe even gift. Yeah. Especially this time of year, a lot of gifts being exchanged for the holidays. A lot of people are Christmas shopping in our show. This is that personal gift that a lot of us want to buy local, too, and this is a chance to do that. Now, I understand you have a preview night coming up. Yes. Tell us about that. That will be on Thursday the 4th, and that is, we charge an admission, a $10 admission to get in, and it's for three hours, six to nine, and you can shop and get first dibs on all of the really cool stuff. And then the rest of the weekend is, there is no admission. Free. And parking is free. Yes. That's great. How many great things can you get for free nowadays? I know. Let's talk about that, too. Now, I know you're supporting an important charity this year. That is a part of this. Share what more you can as far as the charity goes. Well, we work with Leader Dog of the Blind, and we will have a large table that will, the potters will donate pots to put on that table, and all of the proceeds from that table will go to Leader Dog of the Blind, and they will be there throughout the weekend. The puppy raisers come, and they bring their dogs, and people love it. So cool. You can't pet the dogs, but you can look at them, and sometimes you can, though, if the raiser allows you. Okay. All right. Very good. Now, Dave, I want to ask you, you know...