Imagine a world where your opinions about the future are worth real money. This is PolyMarket, the largest forecast market platform on the planet. Founded in 2020 by Shane Coplan, it was created with the aim of combating misinformation precisely at the time of COVID-19, making people bet on the reopening of cities. Despite the regulatory challenges that PolyMarket faced in its beginning with a $1.4 million fine by the CFTC in 2022, PolyMarket was able to raise more than $270 million from investors such as Vitalik Buterin and Peter Thiel, in addition to accurately predicting the results of the 2024 US elections. But how does this work in practice? It's simple and powerful. You can use a crypto wallet to deposit USDC on Polygon's network, or you don't even need to use crypto. And then you buy shares for binary questions, such as, does Trump win the election? You can choose yes or no. Will it rain at the Oscars? You can choose yes or no. And then each stock is worth $0 to $1, representing the probability. So, for example, if a stock is worth $0.70, the probability of that happening is 70%. And the dynamics are pure. The more people bet on one side, the price moves automatically by supply and demand, creating odds in real time. And then you can sell your shares at any time. You don't have to wait for it to happen to make a profit. And then in the end, if that bet comes true, the stock is worth $1. And if that doesn't come true, it's worth $0. And then there's hot news for those who like to farm drops. In October 2025, Polymarket's own team confirmed that there will be a Token Poly and it will be distributed to those users loyal to the platform. So if you're not interacting yet, I recommend you start. And the impact of this is huge. But that's not all. Even Bloomberg has already integrated Polymarket into its platform, which is used by more than 350,000 analysts around the world. Even Yahoo Finance itself has integrated Polymarket into its app. Platforms like NFL and NHL also participate in campaigns with Polymarket. With billion-dollar volumes, Polymarket has already proven that it fights fake news and is also responsible for directing political, sports and even cultural decisions. Polymarket is changing the way we see tomorrow in a more democratic and lucrative way. Comment here the bet that I'm going to explain how I made money with this platform.