What is the principle of polymarketing? Why can a predictable platform create a space for polymarketing? This is a question that many DApp developers have talked to me about recently. Today, I will use two minutes to explain the principle of this. First, you need to know that participating in the prediction of polymarketing is not like investing in a centralized platform and buying DAI coins corresponding to YES or NO. In theory, YES plus NO must be equal to $1. For example, YES sells for 0.6, and NO should be 0.4. As long as there is a result, the DAI coins guessed wrong will be destroyed. For example, YES is correct, and NO will be destroyed. Then YES will become $1. This is very reasonable. But the actual situation is that the price of polymarketing is entirely determined by the user's coincidence. It's not calculated by the platform. Emotions, misjudgments, and panic will make the price go up. You often see YES is 0.6, and NO is 0.35. The two add up to 0.95. There is a 0.05 space in the middle. Professionals will buy YES and NO directly, and the total cost is 0.95. No matter what the result is, you can get $1 in the end, which is a safe profit of 0.05. Don't just look at 0.05. Making $100,000 is a profit of $5,000. Second, polymarketing participants come from all over the world. The speed of information reaction is very different. For example, if the U.S. announces a job data, European and American users will react in a minute. Asian users may not have seen it yet. The price will be twisted for a short time. Sometimes YES is emotionally bought to 0.7 in an instant, but NO falls to 0.33. Add up to 1.03. The arbitrage team will immediately sell YES and NO tokens to get a profit of about 3%. Third, the liquidity of most events in polymarketing is not high. This is more exaggerated than many people think. Some markets are very shallow. When a large order of tens of thousands of dollars is made, the price is twisted. YES is twisted to 0.52. NO is still 0.45. Add up to 0.97. This is the arbitrage space of 0.03. But ordinary people don't have the tools to monitor these price changes. The arbitrage team uses robots to keep an eye on dozens of markets. If there is a difference, it will be executed immediately. Fourth, the predicted market is not a deterministic market. It's a probability-based market. And the probability itself will be affected by bias. For example, the election. Those who support who will buy who's YES. Don't look at the data at all. The price will be emotionally pushed. YES may be pushed by fans to 0.65. NO falls to 0.3. Add up to 0.95. The arbitrage opportunity is here again. The last key point. There may also be arbitrage opportunities between different predicted platforms. For example, PolyMarket and Cash At the same time, a prediction was released on one thing. PolyMarket's YES is 0.7. NO is 0.3. And Cash's YES is 0.6. NO is 0.4. As an arbitrage, you can actually buy PolyMarket's NO token. Then buy Cash's YES token. So I use 0.9 US dollars. It can cover the probability of the whole world. In theory, there is a 10% arbitrage opportunity. So to sum up. PolyMarket's arbitrage is not a platform that gives you money. And the market participants don't know the probability. Don't know the depth. Don't know the mistakes made when pricing. And the arbitrage team is taking advantage of these mistakes. All right. If you are interested in DAPP-related technical common sense. Or want to develop your own DAPP chain. You can follow my video for a long time.