A 27-year-old man who became a billionaire by doing business. Shane Copeland is not a fortune teller, but he owns a platform called Polymarket. A man who has more life than his photos, even though he was once raped by the FBI. But in the end, he sits at the same table as the owner of New York Stock Exchange with more than 60,000,000 USD in investment. So, what is Polymarket? It's a platform that allows people to invest their money to predict what will happen in the future. It's not just about stocks or crypto, but it also includes daily life events, from election, sports, to global warming. So, if you guess it right, you'll get money. But if you guess it wrong, you'll lose money. It's not a normal mode, but it uses money as a indicator of credibility. So, what's good about it? The best thing about Polymarket is that it's very accurate. It uses the principle of Wisdom of the Cloud, which is a theory that believes that a large number of people are smarter and more accurate than a few experts in making decisions, predicting, or solving problems by using the knowledge and opinions of a large number of people. For example, the election of the president of the United States in 2024 Most analysts think that the winner will be Kamala Harris. But most people on Polymarket say that Trump will be the winner that time. And that time, Trump will be the winner of the election. This is like a mirror that reflects the perspective of the public. And sometimes, it's more accurate than the experts. But it's not a coincidence that Shane Copland has a million followers. Because Copland has been interested in the market since he was a kid. When he was 14, he sent an email to the executive board of the United States or SEC to ask how to create a new online market. When he was 16, he wanted to work at Tech. But at that time, no one answered him. So, he chose to go to that company by himself. That's a pretext that he will be fired or everyone will remember him. The point is that everyone can remember him. And he got an internship at that tech company. And he got a letter from the executive board to the university that said if he chooses to be a tech founder, his name will appear on the front page again. Copland dropped out of school in 2017. And he failed in the crypto project. In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the world was full of fake news. He saw this problem and created a poly market. Instead of arguing about what will happen, he asked for money to be deposited and released to the public to tell the truth. But his path was not smooth. Because in 2022, he was ordered by the executive board of the United States to pay 44 million baht. Because he thought that this was an online casino in the technology field, not a data system. At that peak, in 2024, he was searched by the FBI and was heavily attacked by the media. But Copland chose to take the risk instead of giving up. And the result of not giving up caused the government in the past 2025 to order a fair investigation. Unfortunately, Jeff Sprecher, CEO of Intercontinental Exchange, the parent company of the NYSE stock market, invited Copland to a dinner. The NYSE decided to invest in the poly market up to 6,400 million baht. From a young boy who was attacked by the FBI to become the most influential billionaire in Wall Street. Do you think the future of the stock market such as the poly market will be able to replace the old poll? Have you ever invested in the poly market? Please leave a comment. And if anyone has seen this clip, don't forget to follow the Bangkok Business page to support New and the team. You