It was just dismissed on summary judgment. She testified that she had brought this to your attention in late 2021. Do you recall that conversation? I do not recall it. What I recall is Ms. Timpson being a troubled employee that did not do well at the office that I moved her. I remember she was one of those people I interviewed. I remember feeling terribly sorry for her because she's got a tragic story. So I was proud of that she had kind of lifted herself up by her bootstraps. But she ended up being an employee that was a holdover employee and not very good at her job. We tried and tried to work with her. Ultimately, she put some of my employees in fear, and she was let go. And that's what I recall. And she was let go in January 2022, so. I don't remember, I've had up to 400 employees before the ARPA money was employed. I literally have no idea. She obviously was not a lawyer or an investigator, and that is the tears of my office. I don't remember. Okay. Going back to Grassley's letter. I told you I didn't respond to Grassley's letter. I don't remember it. It doesn't stand out to me. It wasn't important to me. I'll just highlight for you one thing he said, just to allow you to clarify if it's accurate or not. He cites a report in the letter that says that in 2023, 98% of these federal grant funds were spent on travel and conferences. I don't know if that's true or not. I doubt it's true. But if it was spent on travel and conferences, it would have been allowances of the grant. But that sounds inaccurate to me. But again, we're speculating. Okay. Chairman Grassley asked you for a series of documents, and based on what you just said, I think I know the answer to this question, but I just want to clarify. He'll ask for a list of all federal grants received by the office since 2019, complete accounting of all expenditures of grant funds, reports related to planned expenditures of those funds. Have you complied with Mr. Grassley's request? I believe Mr. Grassley was ignored. Okay. Would you be willing to provide those documents to this committee? I think you've been provided documents. What did happen was I provided documents to Jim Jordan. Do you know if federal grant uses and sources and details that was requested by Mr. Grassley would have been captured in what you provided to Mr. Jordan? I have no idea. This is a large office. This is not a rural office. I have a grant team. So if we request these documents, you'd be willing to provide them to the committee? Whatever's been provided is what I was willing to provide. Yeah. Okay. But I think it would be clear that the documents went to Washington and Jim Jordan. Can you say that one more time? I went to Washington and to Jim Jordan twice. And they, not only did they have all the documents, they sent another team all the way to Washington and they said they didn't send anything. I just passed a federal DOJ audit this week. The Fulton County Ethics Code was amended in April of 24 to clarify that it includes elected officials. Is that your understanding? I have no idea what Fulton County did. Yeah, I'm not a county elected official. I'm a state. Right. Okay, so your position would be that the county ethics code, the anti-nepotism code that they updated to include elected officials, when they expanded that scope, that that would not include you? That would be- There's county elected and there's a state elected. I am a state elected. Okay. I represent the Atlanta Judicial Circuit. Does PAC have any sort of model language around either internal ethics codes for your office to use or any sort of anti-nepotism language? You have to ask PAC. Are you aware of anything that PAC has provided? Can you provide the committee with any sort of internal ethics guidelines that you have as well as any sort of anti-nepotism policy that your office has in writing? I'm not saying that they're considering the fact that it's relevant to an inquiry or whether it's frivolous or whether you've already received it. Okay. Does an internal ethics policy exist in writing? You mentioned companies, and it's interesting because I also saw where you posted where it's always Fulton County. But the truth is, you have a company that you've listed on your disclosures for finances. And that company stole millions of dollars from Fulton. If you want to look at ethics, you might want to look at that. Does your office have any sort of internal ethics? My name is Teletrax, in case anyone thinks I'm making this up. And people died because that company did not provide the services that they purported to provide. Does your office have an internal ethics policy that's in writing? Not that I can recall. Okay. I want to lastly just ask a couple questions about the Open Records Act. Let me tell you something. I have a 92% conviction rate and a 92% clearance weight with open records. From January of 24 till November 30th of 2025, I've gotten over 1,600 open records requests. This ain't a rural town. Say that number again, I'm sorry. Over 1,600. And we have cleared 92%. Now, it should be noted that in 24, people were abusing the open records thing. Ms. Merchant, as you mentioned, over 30 requests for open records. Lots of people were abusing it. And it troubles me that in 25, I have to now start charging people for open records because I realize people will abuse it. But 92% of the open records requested, we have cleared. Can you define cleared? What do you mean when you say cleared? They've asked for documents and we've given them to them. And you mentioned you're now having to charge an hourly rate. You were not, there were no hourly rates. Not from January 1st of 2021. That was a novel idea. A young, naive new district attorney did. I thought that I could provide documents or I wanted to have transparency. I wanted to be able to communicate with the public and I wanted indigent people as well as rich people to be able, if they had something, to give it to them. What I didn't know is that there were a lot of evil people that would abuse that to make up lies. Can you clarify for me, you said you started charging just earlier this year? January of 2025. Okay. But I don't take in those funds. I had Ms. Whitmore do that. Prior to your getting sworn in, did your office charge for open records requests? I believe the prior DA did charge for open records. But when you become the new DA, you have new ideas. One of my new ideas was I wanted to offer this level of transparency to my constituents. It was abused by people all over the country. You referenced certain individuals abusing the process. Absolutely. When you said 30, just to take the example of Ms. Merchant, just since she has been before the committee. You said she filed 30 open records requests? In what period? More than 30. 30 is a little bit in excess of 30. Yes. I did say that. Over what period of time? I don't remember. I don't remember. Generally speaking, in kind of the scope of the case that you're looking at. I don't remember, so I'm not going to speculate. Okay. What, in your opinion, what should- She also came in here and testified that I diverted money from my homicide backlog. I cleared my homicide backlog, all of it. Didn't divert any money. People came in here and lied to you. You should be upset about that. In the, as you think through the law, the open records law currently is unlimited, right? Somebody can- I think if you want a new open records law, you should make the legislature have to answer open records. That would be my recommendation for a new law. I would vote for that as well. But let me just get your, I just want to get your opinion on the scope and how you would limit that, how you determine abuse versus non-abuse. How I would limit open records? Sure. Is that what you're asking me? Yeah, if you were to take an extreme case, right, you say 30, I think- I don't think that district attorneys should actually be subject to the open records. If they are subject to the open records, obviously attorney work product should not be subject to it. Only cases that are completely closed, and I mean closed past a habeas, you should have to give. Help me understand why you don't think you should be subject to open records. I would agree with you that the General Assembly should be- Judges are not subject to open records. Do you think they should be? Did I think judges should be subject to it? Not their work product, because judges also have work product, but I think they should be akin to DAs. And you think that DAs should be akin to the legislature? You think that the legislature should be akin to a county commissioner? I don't know that I understand your question, but I think that you should be subject to open records. I think that you're making laws that are supposed to be in the benefit of the community, as opposed to this day where we're wasting a lot of time, where me and my staff could be keeping the community safe, but I'm here to do this song and dance with you. The reality is, I brought forth an indictment because people came in my county, they committed a crime, and they got charged. They didn't get charged because- Before I click skip, I need your help. I am on a mission to help hundreds of African Caribbean families. In my community, and committed a crime, and two grand juries passed forth an indictment. And this is what you should know. I don't care how many times they threaten me. I don't care that they've threatened my family. Actually, yesterday, just yesterday, I went home and the Department of Justice sent me a letter about another person that they are prosecuting. And that I can come in January because this person swatted my home as well as the home of other public officials. This has to stop. What you all need to do is to pass laws to allow people to do their jobs, to do them safely. What happened to Marjorie Taylor Greene? It's horrible. She had to quit her job because they were bomb threats to her house and threatening her children. But she didn't care when it was me. She didn't care when my children were threatened. She didn't care that I haven't had the ability to live in my house. But I'm a better human being than that. I don't want any of your lives threatened. I may not care for you personally. I may not believe in your politics. I may think that today is nothing but more than evil and you trying to get yourself elected. All of that being said, I don't think anyone should threaten you and your family. And I think if you're here to protect, you ought to establish laws that if someone uses hate speech and that creates an environment where people like myself are threatened doing their job, we ought to do something about it in Georgia. Just a couple of quick questions on the open records law and your thoughts on it. And it doesn't, and I think it is a challenge to get to this concept of what is abuse and what is not abuse. As it relates to Ms. Merchant though, the court seemed to indicate that she was- The court indicated that a CFO would not be in the weeds as I was not. And we gave Ms. Merchant many, many documents and she abused it. So if you look at what they said, the court said that the CFO, which is what I am of the district attorney's office, I wouldn't be involved in the weeds. What I know is that when you have 1,600 people requesting, requesting, requesting, requesting, we do the very best we can. What's a shame is because we had people abusive, I now have three attorneys working on open records. Two master level people and an employee. None of those people are doing the work that I care about. What I care about is getting gangsters off my street. What I care about is getting people that sexually assault children. I don't hang out with human traffickers or the victims. I care about representing people that are trafficked. Like we've got problems here in Georgia. They're real problems. This is a major metropolitan city and I'm standing on the line here trying to keep people safe. And y'all had me in here with this foolishness. I indicted them, I'm going to indict them again. If they committed a crime in my jurisdiction, I don't care if you like it, it's not 1948. No, let me get to this. It's not 1948, I know that you're offended that I didn't. So here's the question. I would do it again, but I would also fight with my last breath to see that they were protected. What I was asking was, and I think I didn't get there. The court essentially found that Ms. Merchant was treated differently than other people making open records requests. You're correct, it did find that you were not in the weeds on dealing with that. What I'm curious about, in response to the court case, have there been any internal changes with how you handled- I now have three lawyers on open records, two master level people, and an assistant. That was the change. Okay, so- I had to waste more resources to not do the main thing. You want something else, give the district attorney in Fulton County more lawyers so that she can do our job, because what happens in Fulton is going to impact the entire community. Gangbangers don't stay just in Fulton, they go to the cab, they go to Tweeda, they go to Douglas. And I'm here on the front line keeping people safe. And you talk about critical mentions, it wasn't just about this case. I prosecute a lot of high profile cases. Walk me through the change real quick. What did you have before in terms of staff and what do you have today? When I started, I had one- Well, I said before, let's call it 2024 versus 2025. I've increased staff. I now have two special assistant attorney generals that work on it. I have two, excuse me, special assistant prosecutors that work part time on it. I have, right now, two lawyers that work on it full time. I'm bringing a third one in. I have two master level people that work on it. When I first got there, there was one lady with a master's degree. I've had to expand and expand and expand for this foolishness. And what I'm supposed to be doing and what my main emphasis, what I focus my day to day on, is making sure I lock up murderers, making sure I lock up sexual offenders, making sure I lock folks up that are dangerous. And I also spend my time on making sure we have programs for people so we can turn their lives around. Which is why I got a 92% conviction rate. I must be doing something right. Leader Jones, I've asked a couple questions since you've had the opportunity to ask. I want to defer to see if you have any questions you'd like to ask before we wrap up here. Let me turn you back on. One final one, you kind of touched on it, and that was, at the end of the day, this case here, this conspiracy case that took place. Why did you bring this case? A lot of folks came in my jurisdiction and broke the law, and as elected officials, there are things that are precious and that are our responsibility. One, in a free society, is keeping people safe, right? And I stand on the line keeping people safe every single day. I have dedicated my entire career to making sure that people are safe and that they feel valued, children feel valued. No matter who you are, see, I'm not like these people. I have children, and I fight with my last breath to keep those people safe. I have also prosecuted black people, white people, Asian people. It doesn't matter to me. It seems to matter to some. So I brought this case because they came in this jurisdiction and broke the law. And they didn't only break the law here, they broke it other places. because the other thing that we have to do as a free society is we have to protect elections. It is important. If the people of this jurisdiction, the 19th, voted Senator Blake Tillery to be that senator, then I have to work to make sure that he is instilled into office. If someone does something, goes into a voting booth like they did in Coffey County, they do that. If they threaten workers, these little old people that work the polls, how dare somebody threaten them? And how dare you all not take that to be important? Is it not important because it was an older black female? It ought to be important to everybody. That's who you all are here to protect, those that cannot protect themselves. And I'm willing to stand on the line so y'all can keep threatening me, keep bringing me to these committees, keep auditing me, and I'm going to keep doing my job with excellence. No other further, no other questions. Madam DA, I would like to thank you for appearing today before the committee. Governor Barnes, we'd like to do the same. Good luck and God bless you. This meeting- Happy holidays.