Obviously, Republicans need to have an alternative solution, but you need a way around the filibuster. I'm just going to be straight up with that. If the Republicans right now just allow any health care reform to die in Congress, and that's it, they're not going to try, they're not going to figure out a way around it, and the Democrats are going to get the exact political environment they want going into next year, then I don't feel good about our chances. The Senate could still be up for grabs, but right off the House. Democrats are going to win the House. I'm just going to be straight up with you. However, okay, there has been talk, there was during the government shutdown, about abolishing the filibuster, or at least lowering it, changing it, modifying it in some way. Absolutely. You know, that might be the issue where you're like, we finally got to do something because this health care issue is too important, and by the way, we're actually going to help the American people. We're going to do something good for them and stop the failed Democrat system on this. Or the other solution here, I don't know if it's legal or not, but you could try to pass it through reconciliation, right? The same way they did Big Beautiful Bill, is present the new GOP health care plan through a reconciliation package. Democrats are probably going to say that violates some type of Senate bill, or Senate rule, I should say. Doesn't matter. Just get it done. And you could get around the filibuster that way as well. And I'm again going to say, it's not the right answer to just let the subsidies expire without a better alternative, and an off-ramp, and a transition solution. It's also not the right answer to just become a liberal and vote for the extension of these tax credits. You need to figure out a way to kill Obamacare while also helping people wean off of Obamacare. Again I'll say here, the best solution is just to listen to President Trump. He has the best way to fix it. It makes sense. It'll be very politically popular. By the way, I'd argue maybe more popular than Obamacare. I think if that got done, you basically see the polling on health care between parties like inverse itself maybe within a month, right? That's good policy, it's smart, and it would help people, okay? But for whatever reason, our Republican Congress seems like it just doesn't want to get that done, right? A lot of the political support, by my understanding, for the Trump solution on this was not great from Republicans, because I think some conservative members were saying that, oh, well, was it spending too much money or something? Again, it's a transition solution. I don't know, the centrists are just saying keep voting for Obamacare. I don't know, but this is a situation that the GOP has to get together, right? If they manage to succeed in this, we are looking really good for the midterms, actually. If not, that's going to be a huge issue, right? So don't let the post-election results suddenly be the-