The financial system is a piece of garbage, brother. If you had bet that Jesus would return in 2025, you would have earned more profitability than putting your own money in the United States bonds. Approximately, if you had put your money between March and April 2025, that Jesus was not going to return in 2025, it would give you approximately 3.5 to 4% of profitability. While the United States bonds of two years approximately gave you 3.47% per year. In other words, we are talking about that this is a signal in the system. Many people are going to take it as a funny anecdote, but I want you to understand that the same market is paying you higher returns of something certain. And what do I mean by something certain? That Jesus was not going to return in 2025 and they paid you more than the treasury bonds. And many people are going to see this as a joke, but they are seeing the scenario in a different way. This is not a joke. The joke is that the treasury bonds pay you 3.47%. This is a joke, while this is not a joke. If you had put $ 1,000 in this prediction, you would have earned, in the safest way, $ 40, that is, 4%. While with the bonds you would have generated $ 35, that is, less. I want you to understand the logic of Polly Market. This prediction is almost certain that it will not be done. It is almost certain that Jesus will not come in 2025. But even if it is totally certain, I will pay you more than the treasury bonds. I pay you more than the same state. I pay you more than the same sovereign state of the United States. Here the real joke is that you lend money to the United States. The problem is the traditional economic system where we are. But hey, I wanted to share this curious fact with you, so that you have the dimension of where we are. The economic system is about to break. If you really want to be well updated on what is happening in the cryptographic world, what is happening with Bitcoin, with Altcoins, what is happening with the economy, follow me on Instagram, I leave you the biography, you will not regret it. I also have a group of cryptocurrencies that I personally send data every day to the groups. If you want to learn every day, join my group, I leave you the biography. Blessings to all and more blessings to all, to all my haters. Bye.