2026 is turning out to be a landmark year. Before most voters even started paying attention, millions of dollars are pouring in from corporate interests and wealthy donors who are eager to shape the 2026 midterm race for Michigan Senate seat. Michigan Advance broke this news and here's all the fun parts of it. Corporate Dem candidate Haley Stevens has raised more than four million dollars and 3.11 million of those contributions are from individuals, organizations, and PACs. Her top donors real fast, Amazon and Blue Origin, Google's NetPAC, FedEx, Delta Airlines, Boeing Company, Walmart, DoorDash, the McDonald's Corporation, and Charter Spectrum with NICOR Corp. All those companies have at least two things in common and that's questionable labor practice and union busting activity. Not to leave the Republican Rep Rogers out of all the fun though, he's got 2.7 million dollars cash on hand but uh apparently he's another 5 million from Tim Dunn who's basically the Betsy DeVos of Texas with deep ties to Christian nationalist movements. Dunn has said that the holocaust was exaggerated, seems to be besties with grouper Nick Fuentes, and what did Dunn's money purchase for him in Texas? Well he defunded public schools in favor of private Christian academies and steamrolled women's health care right into oblivion. Can't forget that Rogers donations also are coming in from Susan B. Anthony Pro-Life American Organization which will insist on policy change. And he's also accepted $12,000 from a billionaire mega donor who got caught up in a human trafficking scandal in Florida which sounds eerily familiar. So the people with the most money in the campaign for 2026 seem to have our best interests as Michiganders in mind. Union busting, human trafficking, removal of women's health rights, defunding public education, helping billionaire businesses, and getting chummy with far-right virgin extremists. Good news though, not every campaign in this race is being powered the same way. Mallory McMurrow has raised more than Stephen's direct contributions without having to transfer money from past campaigns and Abdul Al-Sayed isn't far behind either. He's spent the least of the three and pulls from a large and sizable small donor base. He's also the only candidate who's promoting Medicare for all. So McMurrow and Al-Sayed are trailing but not by much and definitely not in the same way. That distinction matters whether donors want to think that way or not.