The night before the U.S. military captured Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro and his wife, somebody, somewhere placed an extremely well-timed bet. An anonymous user on the prediction market site PolyMarket, where users can wager on nearly any topic, bet $32,000 that the Venezuelan president would be out of power by January 31st. The following morning at 4.21 a.m. Eastern, the president announced Maduro was in custody. And that user cashed out, making more than $400,000. These markets are the wildest of the Wild West. Lawyer Dennis Kelleher focuses on regulation of securities and financial markets. He's the president of Better Markets. What evidence is there that this was non-public information being used to make this bet? The facts are not known publicly yet. However, this particular trade really has all the hallmarks of an insider trade. PolyMarket and its competitors like Kelshi have recently exploded in popularity. Millions of users place bets on current events, pop culture, and now national security issues. If this was insider information, it means that somebody used the most highly classified confidential military secrets and information of the United States to place a bet, actually putting the entire operation potentially at risk. PolyMarket did not respond to our multiple requests for comment. Last year, before it gained regulatory approval in the U.S. and well before Maduro was captured, PolyMarket CEO Shane Copeland sat down with 60 Minutes. But predictive markets do rely on someone having some inside information. Yeah, I think that people going and having an edge to the market is a good thing. Obviously, you need to curate them and you need to be really clear and stringent on where the line is drawn and like sort of ethics. And we spend a lot of time on that. In the meantime, users can already bet on the next U.S. military operation. PolyMarket offers markets on another U.S. strike on Venezuela, meaning there's money to be made by the nose in the know. That's the only reason that this is a story and a real problem, because it happens to involve highly, highly classified information. So the big question is who placed this bet? And unless the better comes forward, experts are telling us because PolyMarket is an anonymous platform, you could deduce who it might have been. But there isn't a 100 percent foolproof way to prove who the account belongs to. Now, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the CFTC, that's the federal agency that regulates prediction markets, did not respond to our multiple requests for comment. And the FBI said it, quote, declines to confirm or deny the existence of any investigation into possible insider trading.