In this video, I asked ChatGPT to give me its prediction for the 2028 presidential election. And so today, we'll be taking a look at AI's electoral map and see who comes out on top. To start, I asked for a nominee from both parties. On the Republican side, Vice President J.D. Vance was the clear pick. He's currently polling at 45% among Republican voters. And according to ChatGPT, his most likely pick for vice president would be Secretary of State Marco Rubio. And then for the Democrats, Gavin Newsom was selected out of a crowded field of potential Democratic hopefuls. He's currently polling ahead of former Vice President Kamala Harris and former Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg. And according to AI, his most likely running mate would be Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro. And now coming to the map, I also asked ChatGPT to give me a prediction for the margin from every single state. And so we're just going to jump right into it, starting off with the safe states for the J.D. Vance and Marco Rubio ticket. These are states that AI predicts the Republicans will win by 15 percentage points or more. And they include Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, North and South Dakota, all of Nebraska except its second district, Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia, Indiana, South Carolina, and Florida. This would be the first time any presidential candidate won Florida by a solid margin in the 21st century. However, considering that Marco Rubio served two terms as a senator from the Sunshine State, it is not too surprising to see. And of course, we saw that in 2024, Donald Trump carried Florida by 13 points. And now for the Democrats, we have a roughly equal amount of votes that will go to Gavin Newsom and Josh Shapiro from the safe states alone. According to JPT's prediction, Democrats are on track to carry the entirety of the West Coast by at least 15 points, as well as Hawaii, New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware, Maryland, the District of Columbia, as well as the First District of Maine. This gives the Democratic ticket 148 electoral votes. Meanwhile, J.D. Vance and Marco Rubio have a four vote lead at 152. And before we continue, we're going to take a quick look at the national polls that have been conducted for this exact matchup between the vice president and the governor of California. We've gotten five polls over the last five months with J.D. Vance leading in three of them. Gavin Newsom only ahead in one. This poll conducted by Yahoo News, which is not a good pollster. We don't even have a sample size for it. And so generally, Vance does have the slightest of edges nationally. And of course, as a Republican, if Vance wins the national vote, there is no doubt he will also come out on top in the Electoral College. And so now that we're back at the map, we'll continue by.