not be the most surprising thing in the world if Sununu actually pulled off a victory, but for now, that does seem slightly less likely than a Democrat hold. And so New Hampshire will be placed into the lean blue category, but this is definitely a race that could get more competitive in the coming months. And then the other lean blue state is actually North Carolina. This is a seat currently held by Republicans, which means that if Democrats win here, it will be the second flip that we have on the map. Tom Tillis is the incumbent. He's very unpopular and barely won his reelection in 2020. It's a good thing for Republicans that he's stepping down. He defeated Cal Cunningham by less than 2%, and that was only because Cal Cunningham was struck by a major scandal in the final month of the campaign. If that didn't happen, Tom Tillis would not be a sitting member of the U.S. Senate right now. And so instead, Republicans will be going with Michael Watley, the former chair of the RNC. He's an OK candidate. He already has the support of President Trump. If the Democratic candidate was anyone other than Roy Cooper, Michael Watley would have a pretty good chance. And so the unfortunate thing for Republicans, and especially Watley, is that Roy Cooper is a pretty popular former governor of the state. He won two terms and left office just earlier this year, and as a result, he does lead in the polls by a pretty significant margin. Cooper is ahead of Watley by 5.4%. I do expect this race to get closer in the next few months. In the end, Cooper is not going to win by more than five points. But for now, Democrats do have a pretty clear advantage. Although, of course, North Carolina is the only one of the seven main battleground states that Trump carried in 2024, 2020, and 2016, all three of his presidential elections. No Democrat has won the Tar Heel state since 2008 in a presidential election, and that, of course, was Barack Obama, who won it by a third of a percentage point. And so North Carolina does generally lean red. However, Roy Cooper is a strong candidate on the Democrat side. And so for now, that is why I will be placing the state into the lean blue category, although this is definitely subject to change if Michael Watley can pull off a comeback. And so now we're left with just two states remaining. Both of them will be placed into the tilt category, which means they'll be decided by less than 1%. And we'll begin up in Maine, where Susan Collins is running for re-election to a sixth term. She is not as popular as she used to be, although she was able to secure re-election in 2020 by nearly nine points. And challenging her on the left, it's likely going to be Graham Plattner or Janet Mills. We have two candidates vying for the Democratic nomination. Plattner doesn't really have too much of a political history. Meanwhile, Janet Mills is the incumbent governor. However, the problem for Mills is that she is actually older than Susan Collins, and a big argument against voting to reelect Collins is her age. And so if Democrats do go