election over Tim Michaels. This was an over-performance by Democrats as many polls had predicted that Michaels would actually unseat the incumbent Democrat. And so, Wisconsin is likely to nominate Mandela Barnes as the Democratic nominee and Tom Tiffany as the Republican. And according to the latest polls, Barnes is ahead by 6%. He was Tony Evers' Lieutenant Governor for his first term before running for the U.S. Senate in 2022. He lost that race very narrowly to Ron Johnson by just 1%. But in a race for Governor, Mandela Barnes will fare slightly better. He is currently the favored in this race. Wisconsin is likely blue. Next up, in Illinois, incumbent Democrat J.B. Pritzker is running for re-election. He is running for a third term and leads Republican Darren Bailey by 20 points. Now, Pritzker likely does have presidential ambitions. He is going to have to win this race if he ever wants to be the Democratic nominee in 2028. Whether or not he wins that is irrelevant here in terms of the gubernatorial race alone. He is in a very good position. Pritzker has actually started losing weight recently, which is something that many candidates commonly do before big elections. But for now, just for the 2026 race, Pritzker is on track to win by at least 15 points. Next up, in Michigan, the governorship is currently controlled by Democrats, but Gretchen Whitmer is term limited. She is ineligible to seek a third term. And so this is probably the second best opportunity for Republicans to flip a governorship on this map, second only to Kansas. And so according to the latest polling data, Republicans are actually ahead with Republican John James leading Jocelyn Benson, the Democrat, by 0.2%. Benson is the Michigan Secretary of State. Meanwhile, James is a current member of Congress. John James is a pretty strong candidate. He came very close to winning a U.S. Senate seat in 2020 in a race that nobody expected him to even get close to winning. We also do have a third party candidate here, that being Mike Dugan. He's probably going to take an equal number of votes from both candidates. He's probably also not going to win at 20% when all of the votes are counted. But for now, Republicans are in the lead. And so the GOP will take their second flip on our map. Michigan will be tilt red. Ohio is also a pretty competitive, even though Republicans should be performing a little better here, as this is a state that Trump carried by 11 points in 2024. The problem for the GOP is that Amy Acton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, is pretty popular. She's a former director of the Ohio Department of Health. Meanwhile, Republican Vivek Ramaswamy is more of a national figure. He is mainly known for his presidential run for the Republican nomination in 2024. According to the polls, though, Ramaswamy is still slightly ahead. He leads Acton by 2.6%. And according to the betting markets on CalShie, Republicans have a 58% chance of winning. The race is close, but the GOP does still have a clear edge. And according to the polling data, Ohio will be a lean Republican. And then to finish off the Midwest.