Wisconsin are not going to be nearly as close starting off in Minnesota. Tim Walls is on track to win a third term. He was, of course, Kamala Harris is running mate in 2024. He did not perform very well on the national level, but he is popular enough in his home state to win reelection. He leads by five points in the polls against Republican Scott Jensen. Minnesota is going to be likely for the Democrats. Wisconsin will also be likely blue. And here we have Mandela Barnes, the incumbent lieutenant governor, running for the governorship after serving eight years under Governor Tony Evers. He leads by six points against Tom Tiffany, his main Republican opponent. And Tony Evers narrowly won reelection in 2022 is a big surprise. Many people expected Tim Michaels to unseat him. However, Tony Evers was able to squeak out a 3.4 percent victory. Wisconsin remain blue. And according to the data thus far, it is likely to remain blue after the next midterm cycle. Wisconsin will also be likely for the Dems down in Iowa and Illinois. We have two incumbent governors that are not eligible to seek reelection. We have Kim Reynolds in Iowa and JB Pritzker in Illinois. However, they will be succeeded by members of their own party. Iowa will be likely red. Illinois will be likely blue, especially after Kamala Harris's disaster of a performance here in 2024, winning the state by just 11 points compared to Biden's margin of 17 just four years prior. And so we're not going to move on up to Michigan. This is the big race that we have in the Midwest. Wisconsin and Pennsylvania are not likely to be overly competitive. Michigan, though, is going to be the closest of them all. And like I said earlier, Republicans just took the lead in the battle for the governorship in the Wolverine State. John James now leads by 0.2 percent against his main Democratic opponent, Jocelyn Benson. We also have Mike Dugan, an independent, in the race. His odds here are very low. But John James is a current member of Congress. He also ran for the U.S. Senate in 2020. He actually came very close to winning, almost unseating incumbent Gary Peters, who is actually retiring now. And a big reason for that is probably because of how well John James performed five years ago. But on the Democratic side, we have Jocelyn Benson, the current secretary of state of Michigan. And ultimately, Republicans are in a very good spot for now. However, Democrats do have the upper hand. It is generally more of a left-leaning state. And looking at the betting markets, Democrats have a 65 percent chance of winning, Republicans at 19. The odds are a little messed up right now. That's why they don't add up to 100. However, Republicans do have around a one in four chance generally. This is going to be a very competitive race. But for now, Republicans are in a good spot and based solely on the polling data. Michigan will be the second flip on the map for the GOP, as incumbent Governor Gretchen Whitmer will make way for Republicans.