Republican is very likely to succeed Laura Kelly. According to the betting markets on Cali, the GOP has a 76% chance of winning this race. And if we look at the field for the Republican primary, we have a ton of candidates running to succeed Kelly just because of how easy of a flip this would be. And so Kansas for now will be placed into the likely Republican column. It'll just be slightly more competitive than many of its neighbors. Now to finish off the western half of the continental U.S., we have the gubernatorial election in Texas, where Greg Abbott is seeking re-election to an unprecedented fourth term. No governor of Texas has ever served more than three. However, Abbott is very likely to win his re-election. According to a poll between a generic Democrat and a generic Republican, Republicans are ahead by six points, but with Abbott, the margin will be even larger. In 2022, Abbott won his last term by nearly 11 points. This race is not going to be close. The Lone Star State will be likely red. And then to get Alaska and Hawaii out of the way, Hawaii is very easily going to be safe. Blue, Josh Green will easily win re-election. While in Alaska, things are a little bit more interesting. Just like California, they don't have a two-party primary system. Instead, it's a top four primary rather than two, and the top four primary candidates will advance to the general election. And so the two front runners are currently Democrat Tom Biggich and Republican Nancy Dahlstrom. Dahlstrom is the lieutenant governor serving under Governor Mike Dunleavy. And in a head-to-head poll between the two candidates, Dahlstrom is ahead by 12 points. Now there is a good chance that Mary Peltola will jump into the race, but she hasn't announced that yet. She could also run for the U.S. Senate. And so for now, Alaska will be likely Republican on our map. We'll now shift our focus up to the Midwest. We have a ton of competitive races here, especially in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Ohio, but we'll begin in Minnesota where Tim Walz is running for re-election. He is seeking a third term in office. He was first elected back in 2018 and won his re-election by eight points in 2022. And Scott Jensen is one of the candidates vying for the Republican nomination. He was Walz's challenger in 2022. It is more likely than not that Jensen will not be the nominee again. However, he is the only nominee that we currently have polling data for. And in a matchup between Walz and Jensen, Tim Walz leads by 5%. Minnesota will just barely be placed into the likely blue category. And then in neighboring Iowa, Kim Reynolds will be term-limited. She will not be eligible to seek a third term. She was re-elected by 18 points in 2022. Iowa will easily elect another Republican governor. However, it'll probably be by less than 15 points, and so the state will be likely red. Wisconsin, though, will be more competitive as the 2022 race was decided by just three points with Tony Evers winning his re-election.