will be running for re-election. He wasn't very popular before, however, he is performing much better now, defeating Aaron Stewart by eight points in the only poll conducted so far. Connecticut will be likely for the Democrats. And then in Rhode Island, Dan McKee, the incumbent, is not popular. We don't have any polls here, but he is on track to win. Rhode Island will also be likely for the Dems. And finally, coming on down to the South, Republicans are going to easily win Arkansas with Sarah Huckabee Sanders winning re-election. In Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn will succeed Bill Lee. She is currently a second-term senator, and she is on track to win by 21% based on the polls. Tennessee will also be solid Republican. Alabama will be solid for the GOP as well, but here we have a more interesting race between two U.S. senators. We have Tommy Tuberville, the incumbent, who was elected in 2020 when he defeated Doug Jones, who was elected in 2017 in a special election against Roy Moore. Moore was probably the worst candidate Republicans could have nominated. That was why Doug Jones won. He of course lost Tuberville three years later, and he is trying to return to politics by running for the Alabama governorship. But Tommy Tuberville is very popular in his home state. He leads by 19 points over Jones in the polling data. And Alabama will be the third solid red state in the South. In South Carolina, Henry McMaster is probably gonna win by a likely margin. And in Georgia, Brian Kemp is now term-limited after winning re-election in 2022 by nearly 8 points in a rematch against Stacey Abrams. Democrats are not likely to take the governorship of the peach state, but considering just how competitive the state generally is, I will place it into the lean Republican category. And then finally, in Florida, the Trump-endorsed candidate Byron Donalds will likely be the Republican nominee to run against David Jolly, a former Republican that has now become a Democrat. Democrats simply don't win in Florida anymore. Byron Donalds leads by nearly 6 points in the polling average. And just look at what we saw in 2022 when Ron DeSantis was re-elected by nearly 20 points to a second term. He of course is now term-limited and will likely be replaced by Donalds in early 2027. The Sunshine State, the last state on our map, will be likely red. And so this is it. This is the 2026 governor's map based on the latest polls. Republicans are on track to win 28 governorships after flipping both Kansas and Michigan. Democrats dropped down to just 22. And for reference, Republicans currently have 26. Democrats currently have 24. And so this midterm cycle is looking like it will be a favorable one for the GOP after two years of Trump's second term. Republicans on track to expand the number of governorships that they control across the country. Thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you like the video down below. Comment down below if you agree or disagree.