closer, especially in Connecticut, where Ned Lamont leads by just eight points. He's running for a third term, but he is not very popular. He should be winning by at least 1015. Aaron Stewart, though, will likely get within a 10 point margin, although Democrats are still a heavily favored Connecticut is likely blue. And so is Rhode Island where incumbent Dan McKee is not too popular, despite winning a full term in 2022. And so Dan McKee, just because of how liberal Rhode Island is, is probably going to wait another four years. But it's only going to be likely for the Democrats. And finally, coming down south, of course, this is a heavily Republican region. And so we're going to fill in Arkansas, a safe red Sarah Huckabee Sanders will win her reelection, although we don't currently have any polling data. Meanwhile, in Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn, a current two term at US senator is actually running for the governorship. Democrats will nominate Jerry Green and Republicans are on track to win by 21 points. This race is not going to be close at all. Alabama isn't going to be close either, although we do have a pretty interesting matchup. This is a rematch of the 2020 US Senate election that was held in Alabama. At the time, Doug Jones was the incumbent. Tommy Tuberville was the challenger. However, Tuberville defeated Jones by over 20 points. That's likely to happen again. As Doug Jones is now vying for the governorship, Tuberville leads by 19 points. Alabama will also be very safely read. South Carolina is solid Republican as well. And then in Georgia, we don't currently have any polling data. However, Brian Kemp is the two term governor that will be term limited. The race to succeed him will be very competitive. But considering that he did win his reelection by nearly eight points in 2022, the GOP does have a pretty clear advantage here. And to the peach state will be a lean Republican. While in Florida, we do have some polling data here. Of course, the governorship is currently held by Ron DeSantis. However, he will be term limited. And so instead, Republicans are on track to nominate Byron Donalds, who already has the support of President Trump. Meanwhile, David Jolly is the front runner for the Democratic nomination. He is a former member of the House. And at the time, he was actually a Republican. David Jolly is not a bad choice by the Democrats as he is more conservative of a Democrat. And that's something that Florida tends to appreciate a little more these days. It is no longer a swing state. However, according to the polling data, Byron Donalds does lead by five point six percent. This race, of course, is not going to be the blowout that DeSantis won by in twenty twenty two. He defeated Charlie Crist, a former governor, by nineteen points. This time the race is going to be closer, but Republicans are heavily favored as according to Telsey, the GOP has a 91 percent chance of holding on to the governor's mansion in the sunshine state. And so Florida, the final state on our map, will be likely Republican. And so this is it. This is the twenty twenty six governor's map based on the latest polling averages. Republicans are going into the new year in a strong position.