to succeed her. It will be the first tilt state on our map. Moving on to Ohio, this is the race that Vivek Ramaswamy is running in. Of course, you might remember that he ran in the 2024 Republican primary. He went relatively far considering that he has had no previous experience in politics. He is a billionaire, and he will be challenged by Democrat Amy Acton. Incumbent Governor Mike DeWine is ineligible to seek a third term, and so he will have a race between Ramaswamy and Acton. Currently, Vivek Ramaswamy leads by 3.6% in the polling average. He is likely to win by a larger margin. Ohio is a state that Republicans dominate in. In 2022, Mike DeWine won re-election by 25 points. In 2024, Trump carried the state by 11.2. Ohio will be lean red for now, but ultimately, it is probably going to be likely red. Now to finish off the Midwest, in the Keystone State of Pennsylvania, Josh Shapiro is running for re-election. He was elected by a 10-point margin in 2022, and he is on track to win a second term. He leads Stacey Garrity, the top Republican, by 17 points. Pennsylvania will remain blue, and it generally does like to re-elect its incumbent governors by pretty wide margins. Josh Shapiro is certainly popular enough to win. Next up in Michigan, we have a race between two governors. We have the incumbent, Wes Moore, and the Republican challenger, Larry Hogan, who is actually Moore's predecessor. Wes Moore won the governorship in 2022. It was a pretty easy election as Maryland heavily skews left. However, just four years prior, we saw in 2018, Larry Hogan winning by 12 points to a second term. Larry Hogan is by far the most popular Republican in Maryland politics. However, he has not always been so successful. Just last year, in 2024, he ran for the U.S. Senate and lost to Angela Alsobrooks by 12 points. This was always an unwinnable race. The governor's election is more winnable, though, as it has no national consequences, or at least to a much smaller degree than a Senate race, and so he will probably fare better. However, according to the current polling data, Marylanders are still favoring Moore by 11 points, and so the state is going to be likely blue. But this race can definitely get closer, especially if Larry Hogan can run a strong campaign. Moving on up to New York, we have Kathy Hochul, one of the most unpopular governors in the country, seeking re-election to a second full term. She only became governor in 2021 after the resignation of three-term governor Andrew Cuomo, and she was able to very narrowly win re-election in 2022, defeating Lee Zeldin by six points. This was an abysmal performance, considering that Joe Biden had just won the state by 23 percent just two years prior. Lee Zeldin is now the EPA administrator.