He really meant to kill her. How you've fallen, Sasuke. One after another. I don't want to kill you. Do you really think you can kill me at any moment you wish? Stop acting like you're still my sensei. Go ahead and try something if you'd like. I'm just itching to kill you, Kakashi. He's been completely brainwashed by Madara. As the leader of Team Seven, I will settle this once and for all. You know, I really don't like repeating myself either. Acting like my sensei, got it? Now I finally understand what the third Hokage must have gone through. You'll be able to tell him that yourself once I'm done with you, Kakashi. Alright. Possessing the Sharingan is proof you're an uchiha. An inferior shinobi who isn't an uchiha has no right to show off that eye! On the edge of the shuriken, Sasuke is used to real combat and won't pull any punches. Well then. Earth Style! Mud Wall! For a borrowed Sharingan, you really are quite skilled in its use. However, no matter what your Sharingan can do, my Sharingan is in a completely different league than yours. Watch.  It's so fast, if I hadn't blown it away with the mangekyou, I'd be dead. Is that the Susanoo? Impressive. I can't believe one who's not an uchiha could awaken the mangekyou. It seems to me that you were saved by the abilities of that eye. You should be grateful for the power of the uchiha. Sasuke, listen to me. More than just your clan is in you. More than just hatred. Look deep inside your heart. One more time. Are you really still going on about that? I think deep down you know the truth. Every one of you is laughing. Itachi sacrificed his life, but you're still laughing. Cackling together like fools, you're just ignorant of everything! I can hear nothing but contempt and jeering in your voices. I want to change those laughs to screams and wails of misery! Sasuke... This is bad. How about it, Kakashi? Can your borrowed shotting gun extinguish power like this? Now I'll show you the difference between the real thing and the fake. Damn it! My sight! What's happening? What are you doing? Sakura, why are you here? Don't! I won't let Kakashi sensei bear this burden. I thought I had made up my mind. Sakura! Damn it, Mangekyou always wipes me out. Sasuke, don't! Naruto? Naruto... Naruto... Naruto... Naruto... Naruto... Naruto...