I'm going to explain to you how primaries and for general elections work in the U.S. like you're a five-year-old because the midterm elections are coming up and you guys all have to be politically locked in. Okay so the primaries are basically the race before the big race which is November 3rd, 2026, the general elections right? And the primaries are made to see which Democratic and which Republican candidate are actually going to be racing against each other in November 3rd. So let's say there's three people who want to be senator and they're on the Democratic side and there's another three people who are running to be senator but they're on the Republican side. You vote in the primaries to choose the main Democrat and the main Republican so they can go head-to-head in the general elections on November 3rd, right? Do you get it? Like it's the race before the race and people have to be registered at least 30 days before the primary election so they can vote in the primaries. So example being if you're in Texas and the primaries are March 3rd, 2026, you have to be registered to vote by February 2nd, 2026 to be voting in the March 3rd election in the primary. So you can say who you want to be on the Democratic or Republican side in the general election. That's how that works. That's literally how it works. So when people say oh you need to vote in your local elections this is what they're talking about because the local elections are the big that's really that's literally choosing who's actually going to be in the general elections. That's choosing who you're going to see on TV. You need to show up. You need to show up to vote for these elections if you want to say the actual politics. These systems are not rigged. Yes, gerrymandering, yes. But it comes to a certain point where if you do not show up, if your voice is not heard through the voting system, the politicians aren't going to care what you're saying because you didn't even show up in the first place. You didn't even fucking show up. So therefore vote. Get registered to vote. You have two more weeks in Texas. I don't know about the rest of the country but you have two more weeks in Texas. Register to vote. Vote in the primary so you can have a decisive decision on who's going to be in the general election and you have a voice. You have to have a voice if you want your voice to be heard in the first place. So use the voice you have and vote.