Will Trump say drugs this week? 4%? You're going to buy the drugs. Yeah. So I'm glad like you watched the first clip that I posted in this video. Like that actually explained, uh, that actually explained what I'm trying to talk about. If I open the market and look at a guy, the guy, the, uh, one guy did was just like, it puts a, what's it called? Uh, it puts, um, $2,000 on, on a particular tree. It seems that Trump is going to really mention this thing. I mean, Trump was interviewed to say that he's going to mention drugs. It's going to be $2,000 swing on 56,000 of us percent. That's how public market works. You understand that sometimes you bet on probability. Sometimes you bet on a sudden event like, Oh, no way. Trump's going to really say things like this. You understand that? I am so sure of that. And I mean, it was around like 4% that he bet on that. It came to around 4%, that's 4% that's what I really like. That's why he really booked something like that. Because it was like, it's probability. You understand? People are not so sure like maybe he's going to say drugs or any other thing. So it's just like, it's short to give just to show you how public market works. So when I said in my last video that I said, I'm going to really be dropping more content about public market. And I said, I'm going to really be pushing more content about public market, trying to, you know, trying to open more eyes of people to like, open more eyes of people, like, you know, to this thing. And to also get an advantage of, uh, you know, advantage of it. I know, uh, I see a lot of people talking about it already, but I want you to look around, like, I mean, around new countries and I mean, around the world in general, like, who gets to know that there's another way, like make money, betting on probability, betting on an event that you show up. And for me, I'm kind of so much focused on crypto because sometimes when I see crypto news, I'm just like, oh, this is going to really pay off. And that's what I'm doing with people that are around me. And if you really want to be, you know, like if you want to be part or you wanted to be like, wanted to be part of it, just reach out to me. Thanks for watching my content. My name is Dave Bruce. If you like this video, like, like even like what I'm doing here, like all the shit. Thanks for watching. Thank you.