These are my predictions for the 2026 New Zealand general election. For the record, I don't necessarily want any of this shit to happen, but I reckon it probably will. We'll start with National. I reckon the National party is going to lose a bunch of votes to ACT and NZ First. The Prime Minister is wildly unpopular. He's got like potato level charisma and he gives massive private school prefect energy. ACT party, I reckon they're probably going to do similar numbers to last time. They'll probably just dump a whole load of shit on National and blame them for everything and I reckon most of their supporters will find that compelling. NZ First, I reckon they're going to do better numbers than last time. They seem ready to campaign on an anti-immigration platform, which tends to win elections if you look overseas. I also think, generally speaking, Winston Peters is harder to get rid of than herpes. Labour party, I reckon they're going to lose a bunch of votes to the Greens and possibly top, partly because they've been almost impressively shit in opposition and partly because people still hate them for printing all that money during COVID. Greens, I reckon the Green party is going to do a lot better than last time. I think a lot of people have been quite radicalised by how fucked the economy is and how terrible both the major parties have been at dealing with it and I think that factor is going to play heavily into their favour. Maldi party, I don't see any way that they don't lose seats after the absolute shit show that their last couple of years has been. That said, they're contesting electorates and you never really know with those. Opportunities party, I think these guys might actually get in. I think a lot of Labour and National voters are going to be defecting and top might be able to use that to make the 5% threshold. So my overall prediction is that we're probably going to end up with a further right government where we still have a National-led coalition but the National party have significantly less of the vote and ACT and NZ First are basically pulling all the strings. And this should go without saying but it's probably going to be terrible.