Imagine betting on what White House press secretary Carolyn Leavitt will say in her next briefing or betting on how many cases of measles there will be this year. These are real bets you can make today on prediction markets. These markets are booming during President Trump's second term, but financial experts have deep concerns. There are two main prediction market apps, Polly Market and Calshi, and they work in a pretty straightforward way. You make a bet, wait for an outcome, then you make money or lose money. These apps have been described as turning the entire world into a casino because, well, you can bet on just about anything. Right. These apps are increasingly popular. Billions of dollars are traded on them every week. And now CNN and CNBC have struck deals to incorporate Calshi prediction markets into coverage. The Wall Street Journal's owner, Dow Jones, is partnering with Polly Market, as did the Golden Globe Awards this year, with announcers updating viewers on Polly Market odds before every commercial break. If you think this sounds like straight up gambling, you're not alone. Many states that have banned sports gambling are saying the same thing. While sports betting is the most popular type of activity on these apps, they have successfully convinced regulators they are not gambling operations. They also say they're not like a stock market and so they shouldn't be regulated that way either. Instead, they argue they're a trading platform where people make bets on future events. And so they're regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Under Trump, the CFTC has dropped an appeal of whether it was legal to bet on election outcomes on the app. So now people are betting millions on the midterms. Critics worry that turning election results into casino-like wagers could encourage wealthy donors to make bets that could artificially inflate one candidate's odds on the apps. That, in turn, could fuel the candidate's momentum, lead to a bump in news coverage and even influence voter behavior. A Calshi spokesperson, Elizabeth Diana, told NPR, data show that Calshi markets are moved by informed traders. It's not easy to manipulate markets when most traders trade on facts, strategy and real life odds. Earlier this month, a PolyMarket user wagered $32,000 that Venezuelan leader Nicolas Maduro would be toppled by the end of January, hours before Trump ordered the operation. That user made nearly half a million dollars in profit. Debate continues on whether the trader was just lucky or if they were privy to classified government information. This bet has sparked fears about the potential for insider trading on prediction markets. PolyMarket did not return requests for comment.