All right, this data that just came out is rather intriguing. A recent generic ballot poll found that the Republican Party is getting more and more diverse and it is accelerating quickly, but there are some caveats. So in comparison to 2024, Hispanics are continuing their trend of moving to the right, black voters are moving to the right, Asian voters are moving to the right. But there is one caveat, white voters are moving to the left. And keep in mind, this is just the numbers based on 2024. If we want to go back to the pre-Trump era, then the numbers are almost unrecognizable. Back in 2012, Hispanic and Asian voters, for example, were basically a safe democratic group. In fact, they voted back then how black voters vote today. And speaking of black voters, 93% voted for Obama in 2012. That number today is around 75 to 85%. And among black men specifically, it's about 65 to 70%. So in short, the point is that the Republican Party is getting much, much more racially diverse. But back to this initial poll that I showed, what we're seeing is definitely a complete realignment, especially among Hispanic voters and Asian voters. However, there is a caveat to this, white voters are moving left off a cliff. So if President Trump is trying to, you know, run some sort of like a white supremacist coalition, you know, like the far left claims, he's doing a god awful job because the Republican Party in the year 2026 is more racially diverse than it's ever been. And this trend is just continuing. Now the question though, is how can we continue gaining among minorities while preventing this slip among white voters to stop? And the answer to that question is simple. Cut out the identity politics. Despite what you're seeing from people like Nick F, white voters overwhelmingly do not support identity politics. Cut that garbage out. It doesn't matter if it's coming from the left or from the right. Cut it out. And two, and this honestly goes for all voters within the Republican coalition, regardless of race, we have to focus on affordability. Now yes, gas prices have went down off a cliff. That's great. But until these trends start going across the board, we are going to see voters just flip-flop from Republican to Democrat constantly, especially suburban whites.