Oh, oh, you guys have midterm elections coming up? Don't worry, don't worry. I'm gonna get the board. Probably should have done this video a couple years ago. Midterm elections are going to be on Tuesday, November 3rd, 2026. Put that in your calendar right now. Put that in your calendar right now! My board looks horrible, but try to pay attention to the lesson anyway. Why are they called midterm elections? Because this election takes place exactly in the middle of a presidential four-year term. Now, next November being only the middle of this man's term in office is a really hard pill to swallow, but it is what it is, so let's see what we can do about it. Now, what are you guys voting for? Number one, you are voting for everybody in the House of Representatives. How many is that? 435 members are up for re-election. Why? Because they only serve a two-year term. 435 new congresspeople. It can be a clean sweep. You guys can do anything you want. All the power is in your hands. What do you have to do? Get off the couch and go vote! Also up for election is approximately one-third of the Senate. Now, senators, by the way, you get two senators per state, senators are elected for a six-year term, and one-third, which is 33, get elected every two years, so it's stagnant. No, not stagnant. Stagnated. Nope. Staggered. That's it. It's staggered, so only one-third gets elected every two years, so the whole body doesn't get elected at the same time. Now, this election, you guys are actually going to elect 35 senators. Why? Because there's two vacant seats, so you guys get even more political power to make a change right now. Oh, I'm not done. You guys have even more political power than I've already mentioned. Are you ready? Number three, you also have 36 states that are going to be electing a new governor. Chalk gets everywhere. The fancy word is gubernatorial. I can barely say it, so I didn't even want to try to spell it. Now, this is incredibly important to the democracy in the United States. Not only do you guys have a separation of powers at the federal level, I know the current administration hasn't read the Constitution, but somebody should read them the pop-up version in order to understand what's actually going on in your government. You have a decentralized democracy in which individual states and state governments led by governors have an incredible amount of power to control what goes on in that state and how to build a country as a whole. And wouldn't it be lovely if we all proved Elon Musk that his billions upon billions of dollars has no power to sway your vote? I'm just saying. And finally, there will be thousands of state and local positions up for election in every single county, city, and state across the U.S. It's almost as though if everybody got off their butt and went and voted, we could actually control the system rather than the system controlling us. Now, I want to make something crystal clear. This, the midterms and every election, is where your power as a citizen exists. This is it. This is your might. You can change the future of the United States on November 3rd. Do you understand that? And do you also understand that the current administration is terrified of you? Why is he terrified of you? How can I prove it? I'll tell you why. Because he's talking about nationalizing elections. I wrote too fast. I forgot the I. This is very important. The reason they're talking about nationalizing elections is because he realizes at the federal level he can't decide when and where those elections happen, but he wants to figure out at what moment, at what point, can he have federal overreach into your elections in order to manipulate, control, and oppress. I'm not saying it to scare you. I am saying it to empower you. He's not going to be able to do anything like this. Congress will step up and stop him. And if they don't, you will. Because elections are your power. He knows it. He's terrified of it. And you know what, guys? Make all his worst, horrible nightmares come true.