they are going to be able to flip Arizona and it will be the second lean red state on our map. Meanwhile in Colorado and New Mexico these races are going to be a lot more straightforward. Michael Bennett is going to win in Colorado and Deb Haaland is the favorite in New Mexico. In a best-case scenario for Republicans the states will be likely blue. Not solid but it's unlikely that Republicans are going to get much better than that. Moving on now to Kansas this race is basically a guaranteed flip for Republicans as the incumbent is Democrat Laura Kelly who was first elected in 2018 and reelected by just two points in 2022. She will now be term-limited and will likely be replaced by Republican former governor Jeff Collier who was primaried in 2018. He is likely to be more successful though in the Republican primary this year. He is the current favorite and without a strong candidate on the Democratic side to replace Kelly, Republicans are going to take the Kansas governorship back with a Collier returning to the governor's mansion. And so in a best-case scenario for the GOP, Republicans can definitely win here by at least five points. The state will be likely red. Shifting our focus now down to Texas incumbent Republican Greg Abbott is running for an unprecedented fourth term. He won his third term in 2022 by 11 points. He hasn't won by more than 15 though since 2014. That was his largest margin ever and so Greg Abbott in 2026 is probably not going to break the 15-point barrier. However, he is still gonna win by at least 10%. He currently leads in the polls by 8. In the end, he will be reelected to a fourth term. Greg Abbott is reasonably popular but even in the GOP's best-case scenario, the state is not going to be solid. We do have five solid Republican states though that we're gonna cover in a row right now. Starting off in Idaho where Republican incumbent Brad Little will be reelected to a second term. Meanwhile in Wyoming, Megan Diegenfelder is the presumptive Republican nominee and she is on track to replace the outgoing Mark Gordon. In South Dakota, it is going to be Dusty Johnson. He's going to be elected to his first term. While in Nebraska, Jim Pillen, the Republican incumbent, will win a second term later this year. And finally in Oklahoma, we have Genter Drummond, the state's Attorney General. He is going to become the newly elected governor of Oklahoma. And then we're gonna get Alaska and Hawaii out of the way. Starting off in Alaska, we've recently got news that Mary Peltola will not be running for the governorship. Instead, she is going to challenge Dan Sullivan for his Senate seat and so that makes the gubernatorial race in Alaska a lot easier for Republicans. Nancy Dahlstrom is the favorite on the Republican side and due to Alaska's ranked choice voting system, it's unlikely she's going to win by a 15-point margin, but the state will be likely red nonetheless.