Yes! I just made $100 because Elon showed up to the big game. Nah, rookie numbers. I have $500 on New England to win that pays $1500. Dude, they only have a 33% chance of winning. The stats prove otherwise, Sean. Look at the data. In the last 21 championships, the team wearing white jerseys has won 16 times. That's a 76% success rate. Okay, but that's just a coincidence. Coincidence? New England has won 4 out of their 6 games wearing white. But that's just the tip of the iceberg. Let's talk about the coin toss curse. The coin toss? That's just bad luck. Well, in championship history, New England has never won the title after winning the coin toss. They're 0-3. So you want them to lose the toss? I need them to lose the toss, Sean. If that coin hits the field and it tails, and Seattle elects to receive, the game is statistically over before kickoff. New England wins again. Okay, but what if they do win the toss? Then I hedge with the animal mascot protocol. In Tom's 9 title games, he went 6-1 against teams with animal mascots. Ram? Dead. Eagle? Dead. Falcon? Dead. He's not the QB anymore. The ghost of the system remains. Seattle is a bird, Sean. An animal. New England historically feasts on the animal kingdom. The only time they struggle are against giants, which are mythical humanoid creatures. Or Green Bay, which are... Actually, I don't know what a packer is. But neither does the data. Stan, this feels like a cry for help. Let's talk about the prophecy child. We have a young quarterback, right? Yeah, the kid. He's not just a kid, Sean. He is the time loop. New England won their very first championship in 2002. Do you know what year their QB was born? 2002. In 2002, he was born in the exact year the dynasty began. He was being formed in his mother's womb during the first victory parade. He is the physical embodiment of the championship era. The timeline is trying to reset itself, Sean. We are watching the reboot of the franchise. Showing the literal child of the first ring. Which is why I put down $500 on Kalshi for New England to win. I'm calling your mother.