This video is about what happened in the sudden election held in Japan. Assalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuhu I have already mentioned in my videos that Japan is holding a sudden election. Prime Minister Sanaya Takalchi came to power, took a seat in the people's hearts within three months, suddenly removed the parliament, announced two elections, and yesterday the election was held in Japan. Before the end of this election, according to this election, 26 years ago in February, the election was held yesterday. In Japan, yesterday, in many places, there was heavy snowfall. You may have seen many videos related to this on social media. Even so, until 11 am yesterday, even though the number of votes was reduced by 3.26%, yesterday evening, the election results turned out to be very close. Before that, Sanaya Takalchi's Japan Innovation Party joined the government and held this election. Around Sanaya Takalchi's Liberal Democratic Party held a huge majority yesterday. Around 316 seats, a total of 465 seats were held in the parliament. Sanaya Takalchi held a huge majority of 3 out of 2 seats. In this context, after the election in Sanaya Takalchi, many leaders from all over the world sent messages to Sanaya Takalchi day and night. According to this election, after 1986, the LDP party held a huge majority in the parliament. In 1986, the LDP party held 304 seats. Yesterday, February 8th, Sanaya Takalchi held 316 seats. 3 months prior to the election, Sanaya Takalchi had only 198 seats. With a huge change, Sanaya Takalchi held 316 seats. Sanaya Takalchi again became the Prime Minister and started his work. In this context, many political leaders including the US President Donald Trump started Sanaya Takalchi. Especially, the Japanese people received a lot of help from the US media. Also, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi maintained a good relationship between Japan and India. Sanaya Takalchi continued to strengthen the relationship between Japan and India. In this context, even if it is a short period for the Japanese people, we can expect a change for the foreigners. If it is a short period, it will be a good thing. However, the opposition to the implementation of proper laws has already been established in Japan. Therefore, we need to be careful in this context. Similarly, after the 2nd World War, a group of people from the same party held a huge number of seats. This is what was reported by the NHK. Sanaya Takalchi again became the Prime Minister in the snap election. The party had 198 seats. Today, with 316 seats, Sanaya Takalchi is leading the party. Please follow me for political updates from Japan. Assalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh