Donald Trump attended various parties with Jeffrey Epstein. I want to know, were there any underage girls at that party, or at any party that Trump attended with Jeffrey Epstein? This is so ridiculous, and that they are trying to deflect from all the great things Donald Trump has done. There is no evidence that Donald Trump has committed a crime. Everyone knows that. This has been the most transparent presidency. He's the one that asked that those files be released. I'm going to claim my time. I got your answer. You said there's no evidence. Mr. Chairman, please stop the clock. I'd like to reclaim my time. Please stop the clock. This is ridiculous. Time belongs to the gentleman from California. Okay. I'm going to put up another document from a witness who called the FBI's National Threat Operations Center because I believe you just lied under oath. There is ample evidence in the Epstein files. Don't you ever accuse me of a crime. I believe you just lied under oath, and this is all on videotape. You said there's no evidence of a crime. I'm showing you. Here is a witness statement who called into the FBI's Threat Operations Center. He drove Donald Trump around in a limo. He overheard what Donald Trump said to Jeffrey on his cell phone. He was so angry, he was going to stop the limo and hurt Donald Trump. And he met a girl who said she was raped by Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein. She later had her head blown off, and the officers at the scene said that could not have been suicide. No one, no one at the Department of Justice interviewed this witness. You need to interview this witness immediately. Epstein should rot in hell. So should the men who patronized this operation. And as we sit here today, there are over 1,000 sex-trafficking victims, and you have not held a single man accountable. Shame on you. If you had any decency, you would resign right after this hearing concludes. The time of the gentleman has expired. May I respond? Yeah, I don't know how you respond. No one can respond. I did not ask a question, Ms. You're allowed to. I did not ask a question. He does not want to talk about crime in California. He does not want to talk about crime in his state. I did not ask a question. She can't just ad-lib something. I did not ask a question. The committee will be in order.