This is a brain dead poly market strategy that pretty much anyone can do. And this is actually a crazy strategy to do as a beginner because it doesn't require you to have any knowledge or do any research on your position. I'm going to show it to you in just a second. It literally boils down to taking advantage of people's greed, people's desire to gamble and people's long shot bias. This is called the beauty contest strategy. And to do this strategy, you're going to find anything on poly market that is priced at 0.5 cents or less on either the yes or no. You just want to make sure that this is in a market that has at least a few thousand dollars of volume. And ideally this is something that you're getting in on early before it picks up momentum in the next few days or weeks. Now you might be thinking, why the hell would I want to buy a position that is so unlikely to happen? And that's where the beauty contest element of this strategy comes in. You don't actually need Elon Musk's number of tweets from February 10th through the 17th to be 560 to 579. You just need to be able to identify that more people in the next few days or weeks are going to become more interested in this poll. And people who like to gamble love to see that when they put $10 in here, they'll make $1,500 on the payout. So all you need to have happen is get this to go up to a cent or 1.5 cents and you double triple your money. Now, yes, I'm definitely oversimplifying this. This is definitely a volume type strategy, but I have personally seen someone on discord who made close to $80,000 in 2025 doing this beauty contest strategy. If you're able to find something beautiful at a really low price that in the next few days, somebody else is going to find beautiful as well. You are able to make a profit regardless of what the contract is even for or what the actual odds are. It's literally, if I buy this early enough, someone else will likely pay more. This takes advantage of other people's long shot bias and just people who want to gamble on these platforms. Anyways, my name is Marcus. All I do is post three videos that help you become a better trader on poly market and Cal sheet. So that sounds valuable to you in my page with the fall.