All of this is going to end in about one of three ways, or all three at once, and I want to highlight this. When I say end, I do not mean in 2028 when we elect somebody new. I mean after the midterms, because there's going to be a lot of fuck shit that happens during the midterms, there's going to be a lot of like potential cheating going on, because if Trump does what I think he's going to do since he's cozying up to Elon Musk again, we already know some fuck shit's going to happen. This is the way that it's going to end when Republicans ultimately lose control. I also want to highlight all of these things have already happened to black people, but the only reason that they are going to make more headlines is because they're going to happen to white people, and white people are going to be pissed off. Let's go through it. Number one, one thing that could happen, they're going to take out ... ICE is going to infiltrate a white neighborhood, a neighborhood that is predominantly white, and they are going to fuck that neighborhood up, because they've just had enough. They're going to fuck that neighborhood up, because they have told you all that you are on the chopping block too. Surprise, surprise, black people tried to tell you that. They've already done this to black people before. Successful black neighborhoods in the past have been destroyed when they were thriving. Their own banking system, their own lending system, everything. They had all of their systems. That's kind of how we survived the depression. That's kind of how Cadillac actually stayed in fucking business, because black people were the only people who had their shit together, even though they were still struggling. That's the one way that they could do it. The second thing that they could possibly do is that there's going to be a protest. A protest that's going to be bigger than even the No Kings protest. There's going to be a protest that's going to be bigger, and it's going to be predominantly white people. What they're going to do is they're going to have the CIA ... black people already know where I'm going with this one. They're going to have the CIA go to all of these locations beforehand. They're going to put all of the necessary supplies that they need in order to get the shit done, and then they're going to have undercover agents within the protest to get shit to pop off, start a riot, destroy some property, and then they're going to make it look like it was just the white people who tried to peacefully protest. They're going to make it look like it was their fault. Surprise, surprise, they've been doing this to black people for a long fucking time. Pretty much any protest where there is a ton of black people, they have already done this. That's another reason, or another way that this is going to end. Then the third way that this could end, they're going to execute a child for everybody to see. ICE is going to have some dumb motherfucker who is trigger happy as fuck. They are going to execute a child, and it's not going to be a child of color. It's not going to be a black child. It may, in fact, be a white child. Surprise, surprise, they've done this to black people too. You could look up any fucking case of police officers murdering an unarmed black child. Look it up. Or you could look up any case where some random motherfucker just unalived murdered a child, an unarmed black child. All of these things are things that have happened to black people in the past, and are still happening now. But that is why it's going to be a big fucking deal this time, because since black people are not out on the streets in droves with everybody else, because that's exactly what this government wants, it's going to end up happening to white people. It's going to make significantly more headlines. It's going to be trending more than anything that has happened to black people, and then and only then is it going to be a big fucking deal. If you are unhappy about me just stating the obvious and pointing out the bullshit, then you are a part of the fucking problem. That is how some of this could potentially end. Or we could have all three happen at fucking once. But if the Democrats do what they are going to do that is already projected for the midterms and they are going to sweep this shit, they are not going to go quietly. These Republicans are not going to go quietly. Trump is not going to let it happen. We're talking about a dude who incited an insurrection. This is not going to end well. It really won't. And the only reason it really won't is because it's going to happen to white people this time because all of this shit has already happened to black people. And again, if that pisses you off because you actually have to hear it said out loud, you're a part of the problem. Thank you.