Honourable members, the European Union, through its delegation in Kampala and locally represented European Union member states, have been following closely the run-up to and the elections on January 15-26. These engagements included meetings with all political parties, including with the National Unity Platform, as well as with electoral bodies and with government and the leadership of the Ugandan People's Defence Forces. An EU-funded project focused on electoral violence prevention called Let's Talk Peace was launched ahead of the campaign, which was welcomed by stakeholders across political lines. A diplomatic watch by the EU delegation was carried out on Election Day, and the spokesperson of the European External Action Service issued a statement after the announcement of the results. As mentioned in the statement, we share the findings of the preliminary statement of the African Union-COMESA-IGAT joint observation mission as regards the involvement of the military in the electoral process, which is contrary to the Ugandan 1995 constitution. Furthermore, the Internet shutdown implemented two days before the elections clearly limited access to information and freedom of association. We are also very concerned with the arbitrary arrests and suspension of numerous civil society organisations ahead of the elections. We call for investigations and accountability following the reports of death, violence and detentions of opposition politicians and human rights defenders, as well as for clarification of the current situation of Bobi Wine in particular. We call on all political actors to exercise restraint, to refrain from violence or incitement. The EU, despite the current challenges, will continue engagement with Uganda on a broad-based agenda based on shared interests and mutual respect, including on trade-critical raw materials. Our cooperation and humanitarian programmes promote a Team Europe approach, exploring opportunities for transformative projects, including under the Global Gateway. At the same time, the EU, through an open dialogue with Ugandan authorities, will continue to advocate for the respect of human rights and democratic principles, and to follow up on anti-discrimination measures. The EU will continue to stand by civil society organisations and support them in line with their needs and our values and principles.