Do you know that in one of the most talked about markets in the United States, millions of rupees have been bet on who will become the next Prime Minister of Nepal? That too, in the world's largest D.C. Intelligence Prediction Market, the Poly Market. The market opened on February 16, which is Monday, has surprised the entire world. In a few hours, more than 236,000 dollars, which is 3.10 crore rupees, has been bought. And what is most surprising is that this market has shown an 8.6% chance of becoming the next Prime Minister. In today's special video, we are going to analyze who is the next Prime Minister of Nepal running in the Poly Market, what is the situation of Gagan Thapa, Ravi Lamishane and KP Sharmaoli, and do the facts of this game actually indicate the future of Nepal? What is the Poly Market and how does it work? Before going into the facts, let's understand what this Poly Market is. The Poly Market is a platform where people buy shares in the events of the future. This is called the wisdom of the crowd. Here, people do not just vote. They invest real money, especially cryptocurrency. When someone invests his money, he thinks a lot before making a decision. Therefore, many scientists believe that the truth of the Poly Market is more accurate than an opinion poll or survey. After the recent US election, Donald Trump's victory in the Poly Market was widely accepted by the world. And now, this market is seen from Nepal. Prime Minister Balen vs. Oli Now let's go to the main news. The Poly Market is playing a game to decide who will be the next Prime Minister of Nepal. In this game, which started on Monday, February 16, more than 3 crore rupees have been deposited in a few hours. In real time, according to the algorithm, the probability of the former mayor of Kathmandu Mahanagar, that is, the senior leader of the National Liberation Party, becoming the Prime Minister is 68%. Investors and investors from all over the world have come to collect more money than anyone else. What does this fact show? People now want outsiders like Balen to lead the country more than the leaders of the old party. And they also want to see their money safe. KP Sharma vs. Oli Nekapai Malek, who has been in power for decades in Nepal's politics, has only 11% chance of becoming the next Prime Minister. In Jhapa, when there is talk of fighting the election with Balen, the international market considers Balen Shah to be four times more powerful than KP Sharma-Oli. Similarly, in the third place, there is only a 10% chance of becoming the Prime Minister of the National Liberation Party. What is surprising is that the Prime Minister of the Nepali Congress, Gagan Kumar Thapa, is in fourth place. Even though Gagan is seen as a reformist leader within the Congress, Gagan's stake is very low compared to Balen Shah. Gagan has only 8% chance of becoming the next Prime Minister. Sushila Karki, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, Prachanda, Kulman Ghising, Harka Sampang and Madhav Kumar have also been named in the list. But the attraction of those above them is very low. Aam Nirbhasan vs. Kundal Pahilo PoliMarket has not only put a bet on the individual, but also on the party. In the last month's bet on which party will become the first party, a bet of $70,000 has been made. The result is very interesting. 66% chance of becoming the first party of the National Liberation Party. 26% chance of becoming the first party of the National Liberation Party. This means that the betters in the upcoming elections will be old parties' virtuous supporters and the National Liberation Party is expected to hit a big blow. Interestingly, small bets have been made for the second and third places. But people are not very interested in betting money on it. Everyone's eyes are only on who will be number one. Now the question arises, if someone bets money on PoliMarket, will the Prime Minister of Nepal, Balen and his colleague, Balen, win? There are two sides to this. Number one, when it comes to the positive side, prediction markets are almost better than observation. Because here people's feelings are not connected, but money is. If there is 68% chance of winning over Balen, this means that well-educated Nepalis and intellectuals have seen a wave of major political change in Nepal. Number two, the negative side. The PoliMarket users are mostly young, businessmen and Nepalis living abroad. The villagers of Nepal, who are far from the Internet and crypto, can't really relate to this. Is the anger of Balen and Rasopa in the city and the Internet the same in the old villagers of the village? This is a big question. Also, according to the law of Nepal, any kind of cheating or gambling is illegal. But since international platforms like PoliMarket run on the blockchain, it is difficult for any country's government to control it. Today we saw how Nepali politics has now reached the Wall Street and prediction markets of the United States from the streets of Kathmandu. Balen's 60% chance and Rasopa's 66% chance of winning have indicated the tsunami that is about to hit Nepal's politics. But remember, this is just a prediction. The final decision is in our hands. That is, on the day of the election, the election results will be announced.