Here's a prediction market strategy that works on calci and poly market that nobody talks about, but it's actually one of the only strategies that guarantees that you make money. Now this doesn't work for everything, but this especially works well if you're just getting into prediction markets and you don't have that much money because this strategy literally just boils down to taking advantage of mispriced lines and really low volume niche markets. For example, this dating show right here, where you can vote on who's going to get married, who's going to get engaged. On this poll, there's only a few thousand dollars of total volume, but the way that the math comes out on this is if you put $50 on no for every single candidate on this Netflix show, it'll cost you $750 to put no on every single candidate. But at the end, when everything settles, you're guaranteed to make a profit of $137, which is an over 18% guaranteed return. Like, are you kidding me? A guaranteed 18% Warren Buffett would be creaming himself over something like that. But again, this only works with small volumes. You can't put down $10,000 and still make an 18% return because of slippage and total volume. But you can find these types of discrepancies by literally just copying and pasting the entire page and putting it in a chat. GVT this is one of the best beginner strategies out there because again, the math guarantees that you profit if you do it right. And just a quick note, I'm not actually recommending that anyone goes to this exact poll. I'm just using this as an example, but how small these markets are. There's really only an opportunity for one or two people to take advantage of these edges. So you kind of got to find these on your own. This is insane. Anyone who's willing to spend a little bit of time can do this. My name is Marcus. All we do is post free videos that are going to teach you how to be better on prediction markets, like CalShield employee market. So if that sounds valuable to you, follow my page.