One of the biggest political questions of 2026 is whether or not the Democrats can take control of the U.S. Senate. They need four seats net to take control away from the Republicans. And I think the best chances for the Democrats are in four states. That's Maine and North Carolina are one and two. And then from there, I think Ohio and Alaska are the other two opportunities. In Maine, incumbent Republican Susan Collins is not popular with the president, nor is she particularly popular with her party, but she is a Republican vote. Currently, she has about eight million cash on hand and no challenge in the primary. Running against her is Governor Janet Mills and newcomer Graham Plattner. Plattner is a oyster farmer and a veteran. In early polling, Plattner was defeating Mills in the primary significantly, but that race has tightened some. Plattner has about $3.7 million on hand and Mills has about $1.5 million on hand. Both are spending money because they have a competitive primary, but what the polling shows is that either one of them beat her in a close matchup. In North Carolina, Senator Tom Tillis is retiring, and so it's an open seat. The Democrats have recruited former popular Governor Roy Cooper to run in that race, and Cooper has about $12 million on hand. He's facing challenger Michael Watley, who is the former chair of the Republican National Committee, and Watley has about $4 million on hand, so a significant fundraising gap. There's also a big gap right now in the polling. For many months now, Cooper has led Watley by as much as 17 and the most recent poll, 14 points. In Alaska, incumbent Dan Sullivan is being challenged by Mary Peltola. Mary Peltola was a member of Congress. She was the representative from Alaska in the U.S. House. Peltola is leading right now by two percentage points in a poll, the most recent poll, that polled about 2,000 registered voters. Now clearly, that's within the margin of error, and Peltola raised about $1.5 million within 24 hours of announcing her candidacy, but Sullivan has $5 million on hand, and Trump won that state by 15 points. And finally is the state of Ohio, where John Husted was appointed to fill J.D. Vance's unexpired term when Vance became the vice president. Husted was the lieutenant governor, and before that was the secretary of state. In most of the recent polling, Husted is leading Brown by a few percentage points, but Brown has cash on hand of about $10 million versus Husted's cash on hand of about $6 million, and Trump's approval rating in the state is about 10 percentage points underwater, so this is why I think Democrats have a chance in Ohio. So that's my breakdown of the best chances for the Democrats to take control of the Senate. If you have other questions about those states or states I didn't mention, drop them in the comments and I'll try to give them an answer.