Alright, so I'm just keeping it together here because it's been a day House bill 161 comes up to the floor today came up on second reading yesterday The patron said hey look to be clear. We already have cell phone gambling in Virginia. We're just wouldn't tax and regulate it Well, you know, we've already got human trafficking in Virginia. We've already got rape murder and strong-arm robbery here in Virginia Should we tax and regulate those two? What this bill does is it? Absolutely puts a piece of deadly poison in the hands of our young men who are targeted the same people who gave us the Virginia Commission on men and boys Well, I don't want raising my sons are saying we need internet casinos on our phones and I had a guy come up to me And go well, I voted for skill game. So I have to vote for this really Is there a skill game on your bedside table? Is there a skill game in your pocket? This is horrible. 23 states were asked to do this last year zero did in Virginia died in subcommittee and it was resurrected It died in committee and it was resurrected it died in the Senate yesterday and it was resurrected and then some members Mysteriously disappeared to change the vote so that it passed today in the house We did something that I've never seen anyone do or almost never And then as we changed votes with the speech super proud of that got to give all the credit and glory to God, right? I mean I did the best I could with what I got We flipped about five people from yes to no and we killed that bill so proud of that. But wait, there's more So what happens next is one of the guys the patron of the bill said voted to kill it because he knew it was gonna Fail if you vote in the prevailing side, you can move to bring a bill back having voted on the prevailing side he moves to bring the bill back the Democrats go to caucus for 20 minutes and Magically every single Democrat turns from you know, whatever they thought was right to yes We're gonna show you the bill count. It's in the video. This is absolutely mind-numbing governor Spanberger if you don't veto this Oh, I mean it's died in both chambers It's died in the house alone three times and been brought back to life follow the money over three million dollars Lavished upon politicians to get an outcome that will hurt your children young men addicted to gambling on their phones They're not once not twice not five not ten times more likely to take their own life They're 15 times more likely the Harvard School of Public Policy Says it's ten times more addictive than brick-and-mortar casinos, which I don't like either This is just terrible and it's another example of us putting money over human life and well-being by golly I'll stand up to it and call out people as I see them on both sides I hope you'll watch and share this video But more importantly you gotta we gotta get this part to understand what you're gonna see in the other one It is the darndest thing I've witnessed in three different legislative bodies over the course of a decade But we're staying here and we're gonna keep fighting. I'm super grateful to everybody who put me here so much. Thank you so much Because all I want to do is live a life that makes a difference And this is a bill where we have a chance to make a difference and some other people decided instead They'd rather to make money Shame on them. Tell your friends to vote