The S&P 500 will peak at 7,900 this year, and then we finally have the catalyst that will send the stock market into a meltdown. Let's sit down and talk about this stock market prediction a little bit more. If you don't know me, my name is Timothy James, an economist investor for nearly 20 years now. And back in 2022, we were talking about a meltup, okay? And that meltup also comes with a blow off top and a meltdown. So the meltup happened through late 2022, ran all the way to basically the beginning of 2025. And I believe that we have been in the blow off top stage since approximately June of last year. A meltup is where you have this dramatic rise in assets under poor economic conditions. You can scroll TikTok, and we know that some of the technical indicators like GDP looks great, and we know corporations are doing great, but the average American is not. The blow off top is that final stage where everything goes to absurd valuations, and then the meltdown is where the entire market comes down, comes back to reality. Let's first talk about the price target of $7,900, and then the catalyst for the meltdown, which is the US-Iran war, which is unfolding. The run up to 7,900 will be driven by two major factors. The first, it is no mystery. Everybody knows that, again, corporations are doing fantastic, even though you may not be, is strong earnings reports. We're consistently seeing these companies push out great revenue, great earnings per share on a consistent basis, and I expect to see that through the rest of 2026. The second major factor that'll push us up to 7,900 is overleveraged bears, okay? It's kind of interesting. Over on Substack, one of the top pages, I think it's number one or number two, Michael Burry, the guy has returned minus 40% in the last three years, and he is on track to lose yet again this year, but we have all of these bears that are flocking in with short positions, and the only thing that's happened is they're continuing to get squeezed out of the markets, and don't get me wrong, there's a huge bear in me, but at the end of the day, you have to respect price action, and most retail investors, Michael Burry, have not been respecting price action, and they have to continue to cover these short positions. Now, the catalyst for the meltdown, which could be as dramatic as an 80% drop from the high, so take 7,900 and then come down 80% from that point, is the U.S.-Iran War. If you never saw Predictive History, he talked about the U.S.-Iran getting into this war, that it was a trap, and essentially, I know this is so terrible to say, please note that I am not in support of this by any means, I'm just sharing basically unbiased observations, and I worked at the Pentagon, I was a naval officer for several years. Predictive History has really been on point with his forecast, and now that we see that this Iran war is unfolding, the other part of his prediction, which I hold his forecast in high esteem, is that the U.S. would essentially lose that war. It'll be a long, drawn-out war, so I think we go into this, investors thinking, oh, everything's great, we're going to strong-arm another country for their natural resources, and we're going to boost GDP up more, and I think that'll be another variable that pushes us up to $7,900, but then they start to realize, oh, we're not going to win this war, and I think that will be the catalyst for the stock market actually having its meltdown. Maybe a few weeks, maybe a few months, I'm not very sure, okay? I talked about the run-up to $7,900, I don't know the exact path to it, I'm just confident that that number will hit by the end of 2026, and I'm talking about a little bit further down a few months for that meltdown to occur. And I highly recommend that you check out Predictive History's video on why we would lose that war. Long story short, the only way that the U.S. wins that war is if we essentially, with nuclear weapons, flatten the entire country, which then, of course, we run into a moral dilemma. Again, I'm not here to sway you one way or the other, I have no benefit in this, but just on observations, conjurative cycles, macro cycles, this is what makes sense. So to summarize, the run-up to $7,900, largely driven by positive earnings, over-leveraged bears getting squeezed out, and institutional investors thinking that we're going to strong-arm another country like Iran, and then a collapse as investors realize that we will not win that war with Iran, pending nuclear weapons. And to be abundantly clear, I do not think that we are entering into a bear market right now, I think that we have experienced a lot of chop, a lot of retail investors are being shaken out, but there is absolutely no indication of a bear market right now. I pushed out this article just yesterday, I think a lot of people just need to relax for the time being, wait for that final leg, and again, this is all speculation, these are my personal thoughts and opinions for the stock market, if you disagree, that is okay. Leave it in the comments where you think that something is off, or where one of my predictions is inaccurate.