Polly Marquette was banned in France after a Frenchman won 85 million dollars by betting on Trump's victory in the presidential elections. And this guy understood something that no one had understood yet, it's that the polls in the media were right in 70% of the time, they were giving a super tight fight, 50-50, between Trump and Kamala Harris, while the prediction markets, themselves, were right in 95% of the time, and were giving Trump a wide advantage. But then, why is there such a gap? Well, it's very simple, from the moment you put your nose in it, well, you tell less bullshit right away. And so, there's an economist named Robin Henson who asked himself a crazy question, he said to himself, well, wouldn't we integrate the prediction markets to govern a country? Since they're always right. This principle is called the Futarchy, and you'll probably hear about it in 5-10 years. The Futarchy's principle is simple, citizens must vote for big political decisions. Let's say, increase purchasing power or reduce public debt. If people vote to increase purchasing power, the government, at that moment, will propose a law. So, let's say, increase the SMIC to 2,000 euros. At that moment, you have a prediction market that opens, with a very simple question, will the median purchasing power of a Frenchman increase in 3 years if the SMIC goes to 2,000 euros? People will vote for yes or for no. If there's more yes, the law will pass, if not, it will be rejected. And now, you're probably thinking that it's never going to work, because people will vote for their own interests, but if you have a SMICer who votes yes just because he thinks he'll be richer with a SMIC at 2,000 euros, but the reality is that all the bosses will fire you, that there will be more unemployment, that tasks will be automated, and that, in the end, purchasing power won't increase, well, people who will have voted yes will just lose money. With time, they'll just learn one thing, it's that in the prediction markets, we don't vote for what we want, but for what will work. And that's why, with the Futarchy, we can't manipulate political decisions anymore. And if you tell yourself that you'll never do anything against a billionaire who absolutely has to pass a law even if it's crap, well, he'll just have to put millions of euros on it. If it's totally stupid, well, everyone will vote for the opposite. And in the end, this billionaire, by putting a lot of money on a totally stupid event, he'll just increase the cost of a super probable event. So in the end, if it doesn't work, because it's logical, people will just take their money. So it makes all political decisions extremely difficult to manipulate. So the question to ask ourselves today is, would the prediction markets, and therefore collective intelligence, make better political decisions than our politicians?