These prediction markets are getting absolutely insane. Shall we begin? Are you really ready for this conversation? One of the projects that I have been closely following and now I just made a decision to get involved with is called Alpha Arcade. And I'm gonna give you some tea on this in case you just wanna check them out and see what they're all about. One of the number one reasons I'm even messing with Alpha Arcade is because it's built on Algorand. So it makes sense to me. I have funds over in the Algorand overall project invested in Algo. So yes, if I'm gonna get in the prediction markets, I'm gonna tag it to one of the projects I'm affiliated with. And because Alpha Arcade is being ran on Algorand, expect fast finality, near zero fees and reliability. And that's important for the prediction markets where timing, settlement and cost efficiency are everything. Don't have to worry about congestion, no surprises. We don't have to worry about gas spiking up as we're trying to close out a trade. So let's talk about the inner workings of Alpha Arcade within the prediction market. It's aligned with the core strength of prediction markets. People put capital behind beliefs. That filters out the emotions of opinions and social media hype. And over time, this creates sharper probability signals that polls or influences. Now, when it comes to on-chain transparency, this is what you need to know. Markets, outcomes and settlements are verifiable on-chain. No black box pricing, no hidden rule changes. That transparency is a big deal in a sector where trust is usually the weakest link. Now, one of the things I like is that I feel like I'm getting into a niche at a very early stage. Prediction markets are still under penetrated compared to spot trading, NFTs or meme coins. Alpha Arcade is positioned early in a niche that naturally grows as people lose trust in the media, polls and institutions. And when you really think about it, that's extremely important. Now, this is what I'm gonna do. If I get 15 comments that say part two, I'm going to share with everybody the very first prediction trade that I make on Alpha Arcade. I'll let you guys know the category, the setup and everything, but I need 15 of you to say part two, okay? But I think this is gonna be fun. And again, none of this is financial advice. Make sure you check with the missus or the mister or the significant other or whoever is putting the pacifier in your mouth. Like, I don't want anybody coming back, Ace told us to do it. Cause all I'm gonna do is slap, slap, slap. Love you. Look forward to seeing you in the next video. Love and respect.