You know, how reliable are prediction platforms like Kholshi? How reliable are they? Okay, well from my perspective The thing about Kholshi that got me, you remember you were here like on the 2024 election We were sitting here and all the polls, you know, all the different news channels flipping through it We're saying it's a tight race. Some of them did call the winner right, Trump right But then when you go and look at Kholshi at that time Remember, we looked at it and it was like a landslide for Trump Because we were you know We were all paying attention to mainstream media and they were the polling was tight was tight Kamala was winning or Trump was winning But it was still tight and the next thing you know Kholshi was like landslide and guess what happened ever since that day I was like, you know these prediction markets like Kholshi It makes sense because you know when you poll someone for example, they don't have any quote-unquote money on the line But when you look at the prediction markets, it's futures. It's where the money is going like options trade on a stock It's the same thing money's going that way and you always you know, you always put you have a better to me It's a better prediction when you see where the more you follow the money, right? And even like like today there was a article I read on X that the Federal Reserve Did a research paper on prediction markets and they called out Kholshi and they said You know that our results suggest that Kholshi markets provide a high-frequency continuously updated distributionally rich benchmark That is valuable to both researchers and policymakers. The bottom line is you're saying that They're you know in layman's terms. You're saying that the data that they provide in their predictions is valuable for Researchers and policymakers meaning that you right see what I mean. It's true from what we We found back in 2024 election we saw that so that's yeah, I do believe like that's why it's my go-to if it's certain things That I'm not familiar with or anything. I just go there. It's the same thing when I look at a stock I'm not sure about this time another research I wonder where they're predicting the earnings is gonna go where the stocks gonna go. I look at the futures market I look at the options market