Really, this is about like, how about we build something that can price simple questions about the future? So the story of Cauchy, I went to MIT and I wasn't a very social guy. I was a little bit of a math nerd. And by that, I mean like a super big math nerd. I've just like always was enamored with like objectivity of math. There was like something beautiful about probabilities and numbers. And I got into the sort of this theory around prediction markets and there was some theories. So really it started with this economist Hayek in 1945. We talked a lot about this idea that information is surprisingly dispersed, non-central. We often make decisions in a centralized way. So you have a group of people like a government or a company that has very small percentage of the information they need to make a decision. But if they could have all that information that could be sitting in Hawaii or it could be sitting in New York or it could be sitting in Queens, anywhere, they would make better decisions. And the best way to bring that information is via market, is incentivize people to come and trade and participate to bring whatever information they have about something. Some people may be following Brexit and they are figuring out how their neighbors are feeling and they may come and trade it. And some people are, I don't know, Trump fanatics and they are thinking about how their neighbors might vote and they might come and trade it. I really love the idea because if you could build that market, one, it could be bigger than any of the other markets because more people will care, right? And you're seeing how much people care about prediction markets now because you get it, right? It's not very hard. Will it rain tomorrow? How much is it gonna snow in DC? The second thing is it'd be very useful because if you believe in markets, they're a very good way to aggregate the crowd wisdom. If we could build this thing, it would make us a little bit smarter about the future. Instead of like climate change is real, 100% everybody else is an idiot and climate change is a hoax, 100% it's a hoax, everybody else is an idiot, we'd come somewhere in the middle. Markets tend to not like, they're not as polarized, they're not as aggressively subjective. I didn't really think about being an entrepreneur. I was really gonna go work at Citadel and be a trader. But then the idea wouldn't leave me. It was just like, I just realized after a year or two, it's like, if I don't start it, I'm just gonna regret it for the rest of my life. So we decided to start and that's when the whole journey started.