How much would you bet that the U.S. will attack Iran by the end of February? Or next month? Or the end of this year? While media outlets have been reporting on the U.S. military buildup in the Middle East, people have been turning to prediction markets to find out the odds of anything happening. On platforms like PolyMarket, millions of dollars are already pouring into the probability of this strike happening. Supporters of these platforms describe them as valuable sources of information that harness the wisdom of the crowd. After all, PolyMarket correctly predicted a win by Donald Trump in the 2024 U.S. presidential election before the polls did. But critics of prediction markets say they dehumanize conflict, since these are real-world events with human costs. When Israel, with the help of the U.S., attacked Iran in June 2025, hundreds of people were killed and thousands were injured during 12 days of war. But even before a single bomb was dropped, PolyMarket users were already making bets on when it would happen. One market predicted that Israel would hit Iranian oil infrastructures in June with a probability greater than 99%. Right now, PolyMarket and Caoshi are the two biggest in this space, and they're growing fast, but with differences. Caoshi is a regulated U.S. exchange and trades in U.S. dollars. It has banned bets involving war or assassination. PolyMarket, on the other hand, allows these sorts of bets and trades in cryptocurrency. It runs on the blockchain and its users are often anonymous. People bet on all sorts of future events on these platforms. There's the more benign, like the date of Taylor Swift's wedding, to the geopolitical, like the abduction of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in January. One anonymous user made $400,000 on PolyMarket by betting Maduro would be out by the end of January, which raised some red flags about potential insider trading. The fallout from prediction markets doesn't end there. In one instance, Israel's internal security agency arrested and charged several people suspected of using classified military information on PolyMarket, although the agency did not clarify which particular bets allegedly took place on the platform. Another concern with sites like PolyMarket is whether they amount to gambling or are seen as financial markets. The answer varies depending on the country's regulatory body. Countries like the U.K., France and Singapore have blocked PolyMarket and classified it as gambling. In the U.S., opinion varies state to state, and there's at least 20 federal lawsuits against companies like Caoshi and PolyMarket. But the founders of these platforms disagree. The CEO of PolyMarket, Shane Copland, said that unlike a betting site where you make a bet and it's against the house, on PolyMarket you own a share. For Copland, prediction markets operate more like financial forecasting tools. They're information sources that could replace polls, pundits and media institutions. And many major news outlets have already signed partnerships with these platforms to gain access to their prediction data. But of course, there's a difference between predicting sports and betting on a wall, and the ethical concerns that come with that. So, do these platforms provide clarity, or do they turn human suffering into financial gain? These questions will become more pressing as geopolitical bets continue to rise.