So my name is Nancy Grewal and I want to say something to you. So this is video for all white Canadian people because I always make the video in the Punjabi language and sometimes, of course, they guys don't understand the Punjabi language. So that's why I make this video in English language. The problem is this, I know my English is not better than you white Canadians, but it's okay. I hope you understand my English. So first of all, the Khalistani people, they always break the Indian rules. They never follow the Indian rules. They always keep the illegal weapons in the cars, in the house. They are always doing a drug business. So that's why the Indian government put the Khalistani people behind the bar. And now the Khalistani people come in the different, different countries. They come in Canada, America, UK, everywhere, all the world. Same happen in the Canada. I'm a Canadian citizen, but I don't feel safe in this country right now because the Saturday morning, 5.30 a.m., it's 8th of November, the one white Canadian guy came to my home and he hold a big red color gas gallon, full in the gas, and the man spread the gas everywhere on my wooden truck in front of my door and then after the fire it. So I believe the God. God saved me. God saved my life. Nothing happened to me. Nothing happened to my house. So everything is going good, and I just called the cops. And I know who is this person. This person belong to Khalistan, and he always sit in the Conti Road 42 Gurdwara. He always doing this kind of illegal activities on the people's house. If you raise your voice, the man, he try to me scared. I feel scared. He try to me give me a warning. Shut your mouth. Don't raise your voice about this topic. So Windsor Police know that this man doing this kind of illegal activities. Just two years ago, he tried to shoot in the one Punjabi man, and the doctor on his house, and his youngest brother have a gas station on the Wyandot Palatos. So someone shoot over there on the gas station. You can check on the Google, on the social media. And the Windsor Police know that, but the police always said to me, we have no proof. But police have so many complaint against this person. Because he never come in front of the people. He always hire the druggy or criminal people and pay the money. So this man, all family doing illegal activities in Canada. They have already, this man already charged in a drug case. His son charges illegal weapons. His son always keep the illegal weapons in the car. He try to throw the weapons in the river, then police catch. So, I know the loss of white Canadian people. They don't know what mean by the Khalistan. I'm also bellowing to same religion Sikh. The long beard and turban on the head. I'm bellowing in this family, just Sikh. They guys same Sikh. But we don't want a Khalistan. They guys wanna divide the India. Make a different country. That's why the country name called Khalistan. So they all Khalistani people. I'm not saying all. Like 65% Khalistani doing a drug business. And they always kept illegal weapons in the home, in the car. They always threat to women. They threat to kids. They threat to elder peoples. So, I feel, now I feel very shame on myself. I am born and brought up in a Sikh family. So, they guys spoil in Canada. They spoil to everywhere. They guys control our all Gurudwaras, all temples. They always give a like a hate speech in the temples. So, I give a big shit to Canadian government. I give you a big shit. Because the all political leaders fucking they need only votes. They wanna votes. They wanna rewards. They wanna save us seats in the elections. That's why fucking they shut them out. But, now the time to take a stand against this Khalistani criminal peoples.