two precincts in one county in Texas where a vote officially is still coming in, where polls are still open. It's two precincts in Williamson County, which is just north of Austin, Texas. There has been litigation tonight, a ruling from an order, excuse me, a ruling from a judge in Dallas County ordering that in Dallas County the vote had to stay open for longer because there had been mass confusion after the Republicans from Dallas County refused to allow, to come to an agreement to allow people to vote county-wide in Dallas County. People were showing up expecting to be able to vote in Dallas County and being told they needed to go to a specific precinct location they'd never had to go before. Because of that confusion there was a judge's order to extend voting in Dallas County. Dallas County is huge, second largest county in the state. The attorney general of the state of Texas, Republican Ken Paxton, who is a candidate for the U.S. Senate primary on the Republican side tonight, he then went to the Texas Supreme Court and secured an order from the Texas Supreme Court to stop that extension of the voting in Dallas County, which in logistical terms is a chaotic sort of thing to order because people were voting, their votes were cast in Dallas County. They were essentially to segregate those votes, to separate those votes and set them aside. This is a temporary matter. The overall writ, the overall question is still before the Texas Supreme Court. As far as we know right now at this hour, Dallas is, among other things, an important stronghold for Texas Democratic Congressman Jasmine Crockett, who is in a hot, hot battle with James Tallarico, a state representative in Texas, for the Democratic U.S. Senate primary there. That is where we stand right now. Tell me they're not cheating. Make it make sense to me. Oh, you can't. I know. We knew it was going to be a cheating matter. We knew it. Well, if Tallarico, Wyndon, Jasmine Crockett, people need to get behind him. I'll get behind him, all right. He'll be coughing Nike for the rest of his life.