See, we got Dallas County and Texas. We got Dallas. Oh, jeez. Same day, early vote. OK, wow, wow, wow, wow. Will the vote in Dallas make enough of a difference at this point in the race? We just got the vote from Dallas. Now, we don't know if this is that whole issue of the two hour window you're talking about. So I want to say that, you know, before I show you this, but we did get a substantial amount of vote in Dallas. This this is the early vote. So I don't know what's going to happen in Dallas County after this. But this is the early vote. This is the vote cast before Election Day. OK, about 60 percent. And give or take of what the total will be. Crockett winning this by 22 points here. Now, that is a difference of forty three thousand votes over Tallarico. What that does statewide, you can see that Tallarico number back down to 70,000 and it crept there up, you know, over one hundred ten thousand. In fact, she just gathered some more votes somewhere else and it it ticked down a little. But you see it brought it down to 70,000. But it is still a 70,000 vote advantage statewide for Tallarico. So even if the rest of the vote in Dallas County came in and looked just like that, she would still be well short here of that margin that Tallarico has built. I want to say I've been, you know, our audience on streaming tonight. We have been showing benchmarks for these candidates of the counties have come in. Are they hitting the numbers they need to hit? The number we had established in Dallas County for Jasmine Crockett was 70 percent. This is 61 percent. This is her home county. This is her base here. This is where she needs to drive up the number. So in the early vote here, she's short of that. Now, again, did she have a flood of support same day where their ballots cast between eight and ten o'clock that we you know, there are some issues here that are above my pay grade to address. But the early vote here, you know, the early vote here, I think, for Crockett is 61 percent. She wants to be near 70 here, not near 60. And meanwhile, what we've seen happen statewide again, we were saying is while we sort of focus on Dallas for Crockett, we have been watching Tallarico in different corners of the state start to pad this plurality.