Okay, let's talk elections and we're now looking toward May when the most expensive Senate race in history will end in a runoff. Yeah, let's take a look at the numbers for the Republican primary for US Senate. This was a close one. Look at that. John Cornyn with 41.9, almost 42 percent. Ken Paxton with 41 percent, essentially, of the vote. So extremely tight. You can see the number of votes right there. That runoff again will take place in May. Associated Press projecting state Representative James Tallarico has won the Democratic nomination, getting over 50% of the vote there, defeating Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. That was one of the most closely watched primaries in the country. Again, 53 to 46% of some of those votes are still coming in. And the majority of the focus, of course, of the Texas primaries has been on that U. S. Senate race. At the same time, the top seats in the state are also up for grabs coming up in November. Governor Abbott and Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick appear to be locked in for their reelection bids coming up in the general election. On the Democrat side for Governor Gina Hinojosa has 59% of the vote. So she has won the primary there for the gubernatorial race. Lieutenant Governor, Democratic primary Vicky Goodwin and Marcos Velez will head to a runoff as you see those numbers coming up there. Uh, that will be the runoff. Courtney Head trails just behind with 20% of the vote in that race. When it comes to these runoffs, Texas is just one of a handful of states that require a candidate to get more than 50% of the votes in the primary in order to win. If you voted in the primary, you can only vote in runoff elections for the party with which you aligned during the primary. If you didn't vote in the primary, you can still vote in the runoff, though. Runoff will be on May 26th, with early voting starting on May 18th. The Texas attorney general's race has been a tough campaign on the Republican side to replace Ken Paxton. So here's a look at how everything shaped up. State Senator Mays Middleton has 39% of the vote, which is pretty shocking to some. Chip Roy with 32% of the vote. So that is very close. Joan Huffman has about 15%. So again, this will also go to a runoff. The Democratic nomination Nathan Johnson has got 48% of the vote. Joe Jaworski with 27% Tony box with 25 looking for a runoff there. Q. Texas House seats also up for grabs with Austin area lawmakers seeking higher office in District 47. Vicky Goodwin vacating her seat in the Texas legislature to run for lieutenant governor in the Democratic primary to replace her. A big win for Pooja Satie. There was 76% of the vote and from the smallest to one of the more crowded races, District 49 Gina Hinojosa vacating her seat, of course, to challenge Governor Abbott. So in the Democratic primary to replace her, Garibay has 33% of the vote and former Austin City Council member Kathy Tovo has 28%. So again, that will also go to a runoff. As you know, James Tallarico vacating his seat in the state legislature as he's trying to run for the Senate to take John Cornyn seat in Washington in the Democratic primary to replace Tallarico in District 50. Samantha Lopez Resendez has won that election. 52% of the vote. Democrats tried to stop a mid decade redistricting effort. Of course, they were unsuccessful. And now we're seeing some of the candidates emerge in those newly drawn districts. So let's take a look. Congressman Michael McCaul retiring. So there's a vacancy in Congressional District 10. As you can see, Chris Gober has 51% of the vote, so he'll win this district. Also a little backstory on him. He's an Austin based attorney. He's worked closely with Elon Musk. The Texas Tribune has reported that association has really helped him raise a lot of money for that primary Congressman Chip Roy, making a bid for Texas Attorney General. Many candidates seeking to replace him in Washington in the Republican primary for Congressional District 21 former Major League Baseball player Mark to share it and get that opportunity winning this race big, taking 61% of the vote. Let's take a look at this one now. Congressional District 31 John Carter. You've seen the ads for him. He's 84 year old congressman. He had a little bit of a tough fight here, but he ran away with it all in all. After the votes came in, Carter has 60% of the vote, so that will not go to a runoff. He takes that one home. Texas Congressional District 35 was redrawn last year. Congressman Greg Kassar holds the seat but has been forced to run in Congressman Lloyd Doggett's district in this Democratic primary. Marine Galindo received a little more than 29% of the vote. Johnny Garcia at 27% Whitney Masterson Moyes at 23% and John Lira at 20 is that race heads for a runoff in a district that now mostly covers portions of Guadalupe County and the San Antonio area. Take a look at the Republican side here. They're attempting to flip District 35. There were more than 10 candidates in this race. State Representative John Lujan with 33% of the votes. Pretty close. Carlos de la Cruz had 27% of the vote in the Democrat primary for District 37. As we said, Lloyd Doggett decided not to run against Congressman Greg Kassar. So it's our moves in in this district and wins big, taking 81% of the vote.