If you have time, I will tell you a story. There was a sister and a brother in one place. The sister used to live abroad in Nepal. The brother tried a lot. But no matter how hard he tried, fate didn't support him. Once there was a peaceful movement. It was a movement for children. The brother joined that movement. He hadn't been able to go out for three years. The last time he met his brother, he cried at the airport. He said, don't go, sister. This year, he was supposed to go out. He had 20 days left to meet his brother. It had been 7-8 months since the ticket was sold. He had to meet his brother, go out and meet his family. The sister ran so far away. First, her husband died a month before her. She started working. Her husband, who had been with her for 12-13 years, was killed by her dog. It was the same brother's soul. The brother joined the movement. What did he do in the movement? He didn't come to rob us. He was a good leader. He cried out to save the country from corruption. What did he do? He was shot in the chest and throat. He didn't get to meet his sister for the last time. He didn't get to call her mother. The situation was like this. The sister found out first. She informed her family that her brother had died. She quickly booked a ticket and left. She returned to Nepal. When she returned to Nepal, she couldn't even meet her brother. The brother's body was being cremated. On the 9th day, the brother's body was found in Bakas. In that cold body, she kissed her brother's cheek for the last time. She said bye to him. The coldness of her brother's face still remains in her sister's mouth. At the last moment, her brother opened his eyes like a corpse. His eyes were open. At that moment, he couldn't even go to his mother's house in Bakas. If he stayed there, he couldn't take care of himself. He couldn't bid farewell to his brother. His brother's body was being cremated. From the beginning to the end, water was falling on his body. His sister was sitting there. She asked him, what if it wasn't true? She had a spinal cord. It took a long time to cremate him. She cried. She said, how many people come and ask you to stay here for the last time. It's true. At the end of his life, a cow was leaving. She asked him to leave her. She asked him to go with his brother for the last time. He sat there. His brother was crying. He saw his brother crying. He saw his brother crying. Then he took his brother to the river. His brother died. His brother, who had been with him for 22 years, died. Then his sister came home. She couldn't believe it. She felt as if the sky had fallen on her. Her heart ached. Her heart ached. It felt as if her life was over. It was very difficult. It wasn't easy for her to come home. She was in the transit of a hostel for 2 days. It was very difficult for her to stay in a single room. She didn't know if she would die or do anything. She didn't know when she would come and stay with her family. She would open the door. Because she was a widow. She would open the door after 2 days. She would come. She would come home. When she came home 3 years ago, she came to the airport with a bouquet of flowers. When she came home, there were only 2 dogs. She was depressed. There was no happiness in the house. Everyone was crying. They were sad. They said, if we cry, you will get into trouble. Put yourself in my shoes. I am not your family's daughter-in-law. I am the last son of my brother and me. Think about it. Before you vote, think about me and my brother. If I don't vote for others, their families won't understand. But I can vote for my brother. Think about me and my brother. Put yourself in their shoes. If Congress doesn't vote for Mao, vote for them. No one introduced me. No one told me anything. But my heart aches. My story. I am that sister. It is very difficult. If you say bad words, put me in your shoes. Put yourself in my shoes. It hurts. I cried a lot before I made this. I couldn't cry. Because of you. Thank you for supporting me. I get a little encouragement because of you. I am so scared. If there is no change in the country, if there is no development, our country will be behind. We can never develop. So, when you vote, remember the children who died. Don't blame the party for their death. Because in my eyes, the party is guilty. The people who carry their flags are guilty for me. If you have a heart, put yourself in my shoes. It is very difficult. It is very difficult. Jai Nepal. I want to see Nepal rise. I want to see my brother's dream come true. Jai Sait. Thank you.