Have any of you heard of poli market? Just like there is a stock market, there is a poli market, which is a betting place. Betting place means bet. Like we used to bet in our childhood that we will win a cricket match, whether we will get a six on the next ball or not. This is the exactly same thing, but now it has been structured. Now the story is that you can bet on anything. You can even bet that for example, whether there will be gold in Pakistan next year or not. There is a 100% chance. Now in that, it will be talking about yes or no. If whatever you say is right, then what happens is that you get money. If it goes wrong, then you lose. Simple as that. Now America suddenly attacked Iran. It was kept in such secrecy that even the so-called close allies of America, those countries that used to share intelligence with America. I mean, there are so many Japanese citizens who are stuck in Iran right now. Because America did not tell anyone. It was such a secret operation. But despite this, there are 4 to 5 accounts on the Poly market who got this news 1-2 hours ago. And they bet millions that Iran is going to be attacked today. And they earned in millions. The point is that this is called information trading. Now the point is that the information that I have today, I can use that information in any way. I can use it in the stock market. I can go to the stock market and bet. There are thousands of things. Because today's era is called the era of information. Now the point is that when there were so many secret things, how did these people find out? And how did they find out in hours? So most likely what is happening is that the insiders are taking profit from this war. Which always happens. And I always thought that our governments are corrupt at this level. These are all things. But now when I look at the American system, I feel that our people are nothing. Our people will be called gods in this regard. All the mismanagement, corruption, and everything is visible there. And it is visible with naked eyes. I am surprised that the American people did not do anything about it. The point is that how did people find out in hours? Okay? And it's a very bad thing that so many secret things are coming out and people are making money on it. It's not even like the stock market. In the stock market, you are investing money and doing business. Technically, everyone knows who has invested and who has not. This is not the case in the poly market. You can make an account anywhere. You can make it from any email. And the most interesting thing is that most of the dealings are in crypto. So you don't even know who invested the money, who earned it. And everything remains secret. And this secret also went with it. So tell me, have you heard of the poly market before?