Okay, so in my last video I talked about this upcoming SRP election and how Turning Point USA is trying to buy their seats in this election, which is bad news because Turning Point USA is a right-wing extremist group that very much is in the pocket of the fossil fuel industry. They are also climate science deniers, so they are people in Arizona that can't comprehend that the planet is heating up. They don't believe it, they don't buy it, they don't care. And I think that's crazy because if they get into these positions at SRP they are going to shoot down any green initiatives and that's including things like solar, which imagine how dumb, how unhinged you would have to be to be against solar initiatives in the Valley of the Sun. Okay, so instead if you're wondering, well who can I get in? I would go check out srpcleanenergy.org and when you go there not only is it going to give you information about the election, including you can just go to this website and they'll direct you where to sign up to vote because again this is not a government election. You have to sign up specifically for this SRP election. I know that's crazy. You know what else is crazy? You have to own a home, which a lot of people pointed out in my last video and I agree with you. It is not fair. It is not fair because even if you don't own a home in the SRP territory this is gonna affect you. It's gonna affect renters. It's gonna affect people in Arizona who are gonna have their rates go up because of data centers that Turning Point will allow being built. It's gonna go up because they're gonna kill any green initiatives that could help our grid out and not have it overexerting with with the amount of people we have here. It's going to help conserve our water. It's gonna help not raise the temperature so we're not turning on our AC in February. I could go on. So we go to SRPCleanEnergy.org. All the election info is there. A link to sign up to vote is there as well. As well as a list of candidates that they approve. You have candidates like Sandra Kennedy, Krista O'Brien, Casey Klaus. I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing that right. Probably many of you are familiar with Ken Clark. Basically this is a website that tells you who these people are, what they stand for, what they're trying to protect us against, and how you can register to vote. If you do not own a home or land in SRP territory I highly encourage you to just spread the word because it is astounding how many people don't even know this election is happening. It's crazy that you have to actively sign up to to vote for this that they don't just inform you about it. And Turning Point is betting on that. They are banking on people not paying attention while they take over our power grid and essentially make Phoenix hotter than it already is and more costly. So I highly encourage SRPCleanEnergy.org. Check it out. I'm going to leave a link in the comments.