It's Misinformation Monday, Iran edition. That felt weird. Hey, is it true that I'm gonna be drafted? Okay, let's get started. I saw a Facebook post that said Congress just passed legislation that there's gonna be a draft and I'm gonna be drafted. That article was misleading. Back in 2024, before Trump was even elected president, Congress passed a law that automatically registered men aged 18 to 26 for the draft. Great, so now Biden is sending me to war too. No, you already had to register for the draft. This just made it automatic. There hasn't been a draft for over 50 years. So there's no draft. Not yet, but this weekend, Trump's press secretary didn't rule that out. Mothers out there are worried that we're gonna have a draft. It's not part of the current plan right now, but the president, again, wisely keeps his options on the table. That didn't really make me feel better. Is it true that Iran bombed its own elementary school, killing 165 people, most of them kids? There's actually mounting evidence that it was the U.S. who bombed the school. Well, how can you be so sure? What are you, some kind of woke, lib, politically correct guy? The school was bombed by a U.S. Tomahawk missile, which only the U.S. is known to possess. And it was near a naval base, and the U.S. has been targeting Iran naval bases. Is it true that our own military commanders said that the war in Iran is part of God's divine plan to usher in the return of Jesus Christ? A nonprofit organization called Military Religious Freedom Foundation wrote that 200 troops had complained about commanders saying the invasion in Iran would bring about the rapture. Jesus Christ. Shh, you could be listening. But so far, there haven't been any secondary sources to support this claim. All of these initial write-ups are just citing that initial source. So it hasn't been disproven, but it hasn't been proven either. I don't know if that makes me feel better. Okay, next thing. Did people really make money by betting on an Iran invasion? Yes, six people alone made $1.2 million collectively. Wow. Those six people have been identified as insiders who knew that the invasion was about to happen. And that's not illegal? No, but two Democratic senators are trying to make it illegal within the government. It's not illegal in our government? Not yet. How is that possible? Donald Trump Jr. is an advisor for Koshy and an investor in Polymarket. Oh. It's very likely that federal officials are making a ton of money off of these prediction markets. Well, how does it work? Do you just bet on stuff you think is gonna happen? Yeah, and it's really hard to regulate. Plus, these prediction market companies are specifically targeting younger people who can't manage their money well. I also have a younger audience, which is probably why these companies have approached us in the past asking if we'd like to advertise. But it's on our list of companies that we don't advertise with. Can you explain a little bit more about how prediction markets work? Okay, so as an example, Jeff Bezos' stepson very likely had inside information that his stepfather would not be attending the Super Bowl. Soon enough, many of his fraternity brothers were making that bet and news spread quickly. Because there was this sudden influx of people betting against his attendance, the odds changed and so did their payout, but they all still made a ton of money. What are you doing? I bet him you would bring up Jeff Bezos in one of your five videos this week. I would.