This is not a failure, it is infallible. They gave Kamala Harris, the winner, over Donald Trump. They swept Donald Trump. They gave the winner, Maza, over Milley. He swept Milley. And look, he had gone down. And the truth is that yes, you don't have to be blind. In fact, he has gone down a point, half a point. But not shitting that there is a coast up, so to speak. The truth is that there should be legislation to make the pollsters transparent. Because this is already criminal. The truth is that yes. And look, Polymarket, many believe that Polymarket is only based on bets. No. Polymarket uses more powerful tools. Why? Because they see trends, not only on social networks. But they also have other measurements. And they let themselves be led by measurements from abroad. Look, in the morning, because it has been low, it has reached 32, 33. And now, as it is, it has gone up again. Why? Because they realized that this datum survey is a bluff. It's that simple. And look, I've been watching social networks very closely. Very closely. And Wolfangroso is in free fall. And the one who is going up is Montesinos. Jorge Nieto Montesinos. Unfortunately, he is also Montesinos. But he is 18 or 24 years old. And I know that I am not Chibolo. But still, today is my day off. And I stayed until 2 in the morning. 2 and 30 in the morning. Just to see these surveys that are done on TikTok. And the truth is that Grosso is on the ground. The one who is going up is Jorge Nieto. Jorge Nieto Montesinos. But it is obviously a very select audience. Very, very, very, very small. And 70, 80% are between 18 and 24 years old. That is the average. Out there, a misplaced one who is 29, 32. Which are these caviar. Caviar is generally from Lima, but there are also from outside. And you can tell by his voice. By his very polite language. Very university. That in the long run, it is a vote that is going to divide Grosso. Or it will stop. And beware. It is not that López Aliaga has lost points. Nor has it gone down. What has gone down is the same. It is within the margin of error. So, the truth is that ... What can you expect from Graña and Montero? Of commerce. Of Odebrecht. Of that rotten press that there is. What can you expect? So, yes, yesterday I was a little worried. But now I feel more optimistic. And it is also true that Kiko Fujimori has his vote hidden. But not shitting, López Aliaga is in 10. Not shitting. That is not believed. Not even themselves. And PoliMarket is a sample. There is a very interesting fact that Philly Butters has just commented on. One thing is with cedula and another thing is by mouth. Because in cedula there are going to be surprises. Obviously, because there you know what symbols are. People don't even know. They don't even know these candidates who are supposedly going up. What is true is that they are going up. But what I'm seeing is that the little wolf is deflating. That is, the little wolf is turning into a puddle. And the one who is going up among the brainwashed is Jorge Nieto. They don't realize that this idiot Jorge Nieto is a piece of shit. That he was with PPK. And that precisely thanks to Pepe Cutra, unfortunately I voted for him. And I regret it. That is a vote of regret because Lagarto Vizcarra came in. But who is going to know about these events? The whole train from Aragua is coming. All this horde of delinquent Venezuelans. Good ones came, but they also came from the shit. So now I'm calmer. And the truth is that if you really want to see how the polls are. It's López Aliaga in first place. López Chao in second place. And Keiko Fujimori in third place. That's the real poll. And from there it says, there is a technical tie. Wolf and Grosso with Jorge Nieto. There it is, look at it. That's the poll. That's the real poll.