It's been a bit since I looked at the Senate map and what's going on, and for the first time that I can remember, we have a toss-up Alaska in the Race to the White House model. The Dems are up to a 42% chance of winning the Senate, which has been creeping up for a while now, and you can see that the range of outcomes have really started to skew. The most likely outcome is the Dems gaining three seats according to this model. I'm going to kind of run through this real quick, but we'll start with North Carolina, which is like effectively likely D at this point. Cooper is that big of a favorite and that popular in the state in the national environment is just so bad for... gee, I wonder why it's bad for the Republicans. I don't know. Then we come to Maine, which to me is such a fascinating race. Collins has been able to fend off many challenges in her... now this is her fifth time running when she said she was only running twice. And Plattner has shown real strength in all polling and in the crowds he's drawing. He's up on Mills and he polls a lot better in a general matchup. He does better with independents and he even picks off some Republicans. Poll after poll, he's just the stronger candidate and Maine likes him more. And Mills, her being the governor, is not helping her cause in this situation. The third most likely flip is Ohio where Brown is a favorite in this model to win the special election against Husted. I'll believe it when I see it, but Ohio was closer than people expected last cycle. And midterm, you know, there's a lot of factors in that show that this is a very very possible flip. Then we get to the tougher ones. I mean, Ohio is not easy by any stretch, but Mary Peltola is putting up a fight in a state that you would you wouldn't think. Her odds have been increasing as time goes. She has a higher approval rating and again, the national environment is looking to probably be very blue. Just after Alaska, Texas, Talarico being the candidate, they think he has a 34% chance, even against Cornyn, who they now think will actually beat Paxson, but that one is a battle too. With how the primaries went and how turnout was higher on the Dem side, and they sort of dummy-mandered themselves on the House side where they created new maps using cross tabs that assumed the Hispanic voters are gonna vote for Republicans like they did in 2024, and that does not look like it's going to happen. Next, we have Iowa, which I haven't heard a lot about Iowa, but based on the polling and the environment, it looks like the Governor's race, the Senate race, a bunch of House races, it's gonna be competitive. And the last race that is really intriguing and worth talking about is Nebraska. Dan Osborne running as an Independent, kind of backed by the Dems yet again, facing Ricketts, a billionaire who was handed the seat. And polling has been close, there have been polls with Osborne up, so if you're looking to focus on states and donate or, you know, help in any way, those are probably the best states to pour effort into. There are other states that are fringe, like Longshots, Florida, Montana, and South Carolina, Kansas, interestingly too, but it is still early and unclear on how the primaries will shake out in some of those states. I just, South Carolina, are you really gonna vote Lindsey Graham in again? Really?