And here comes the bomb, look, on March 4th, yesterday, the price of Rafael López Aleaga's action was lower than the president's, but there was not $100,000 in the stock market, there was $70,000, $80,000 in the stock market. The strange thing is that yesterday at 10 a.m., yesterday at 10 a.m., the lowest action was reported in its price. Look, Tuesday at 10 a.m. 41% and Tuesday at 5 p.m. 52%. Tell me, what happened yesterday or the day before yesterday? There was no news event. But add up that yesterday, Diego Acuña used this platform, by chance, I don't think, to say that López Aleaga is the only one who beats everyone in the second round. And that the Polymarket is a reliable source because people put their money there, but they don't tell the truth, people buy and sell every day. What a coincidence that in 7 hours, the same day, someone has invested $30,000 in the option, yes, López Aleaga, and that also the same day, Diego Acuña comes out in his program to say that López Aleaga is going to win the elections and beat everyone. What a coincidence that at 10 a.m. López Aleaga was wrong, someone invests in Polymarket and Diego Acuña then uses that same Polymarket to throw his narrative. What a coincidence, all in the same day, right? What a coincidence, what are López Aleaga and Diego Acuña playing at? Look, and then reality is going to bring them down again, and surely every 2 or 3 days, again they are going to see each other in the need for separation, to put money again, and Diego Acuña is going to say, the Polymarket follows López Aleaga's trend. They will have to keep spending money to cover reality. That's why it's unfortunate what Diego Acuña is doing, because I thought he started to realize that the principles also have to be taken to the elections. So what Diego Acuña is playing is something dishonest. What a coincidence that Diego Acuña yesterday used this platform, López Aleaga, when also yesterday someone invested 30,000 dollars to make López Aleaga rise or recover in stock prices. What a coincidence, right? And that in the last 3 days his variance is very dispersed in López Aleaga. What a coincidence that López Aleaga is the only candidate who is using this source to deceive people, to tell them that this is a poll. What is Diego Acuña playing? The lie too? The convenience? What plan is Diego Acuña playing? Isn't it that you are right-wing? So, guys, that's the truth of the matter, don't be fooled, the Polymarket is not a poll. In the Polymarket you can choose several candidates. In the Polymarket you have to buy shares. In the Polymarket, what you choose or buy today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, you can sell it. The Polymarket is very dynamic. And it can also be used, worse than polls, so that they inject money and then make a rise if you sell it as a poll. Something that is not what the Polymarket is. Ok? So, what I project is that López Aleaga will continue to go down because it is the reality. And if we don't see a strange movement, that someone has surely put money on it and it will not be 106,000, it will surely be 120,000, 130,000 in hours, nothing more. That will make it rise or make it seem that López Aleaga continues with these percentages. We are going to realize them in the following. Well, that has been more or less today's topic.