I own this home because the last time Trump was president, he also decided to crash the economy. And I went through the entire budget bill and decided where they were going to invest was where I was going to invest. I do not suggest reading the entire bill. Your elected officials don't even bother. For the most part, it's a major waste of time, and you can easily find a synopsis of each section online. I started investing with $500 that I had gotten as a bonus from a job that I absolutely hated and added around $1,500 over the next couple of months. It took almost his entire last presidency, but when Biden was in office and all of my investments' value shot back up, I was able to cash out and put the down payment on this house. The down payment was only $13,000 because I have a USDA loan, and I only had to put 2.5% down of my $319,000 mortgage. I live in a small city in a lower cost of living area and purchased this home in 2022. It's a 3-bed, 3-bath, 19-teens craftsman home in a lovely little neighborhood in a walkable part of town. This time, I want to build low-income housing with my profits. I already have the land, I bought some tax-delinquent properties a couple years ago, and I want to give back. I haven't quite figured out the logistics of that yet, so follow along to see how that turns out. We've amassed about $7,200 for that project so far. None of this was difficult to accomplish. It sounds a lot harder than it actually is. If you research your investments and think long-term instead of trying to get rich quick overnight, you can use a poor economy to jumpstart your economic position when we get a new, less dim-witted administration. You can use their lack of brains to your advantage. So how do you actually do this? I am not a financial advisor, and past performance is not an indicator of future performance. You're listening to someone who had to figure all of this out on their own, so you know I'm not a professional, and my way is not the only way. It's probably not even the best way. I really advocate for investing in boring things that people use every day, and reading the news. It's not just there for entertainment. You can find a lot of really investable topics just by listening to the morning briefing during your commute. Choose things that are going to be viable for long-term, and avoid things like retail and food service that can be easily affected by consumers' changing tastes and whims. So the hardest part is getting started, and the second hardest part is having the patience and self-control to not get into day trading or pull money out before you actually need it. I've been making these videos for about a year now, and somehow I still really do believe that people can pull this off if they put their mind to it and have just a little bit of fun. Not too much fun, you're not gambling. I was born poor, I grew up poor, and I was a single mom with two kids before I was 20. If I can do it, anybody can. If this interests you, you can follow along to learn more and see how this housing thing goes.