We had elections yesterday, and the Democrats had a pretty good night. With one kind of hilarious exception. The big one is the special election for Georgia's 14th congressional district. This is Marjorie Taylor Greene's district. She quit Congress, obviously, a few months ago. Georgia's special election is a jungle primary, which means everyone who wants to run all runs on the same ticket. If no one gets over 50%, the top two go to a runoff, even if they're from the same party. But that is not what happened here. The Democrat Sean Harris got first with 37%, and the Republican Clayton Fuller got second with 35%. There were 16 Republicans on this ballot, and a Libertarian, and an Independent, and three Democrats. So Sean and Clayton will go to a runoff in about a month. The support from all these other Republicans will likely coalesce behind Clayton, and he will likely win. But in one of the reddest districts in Georgia, a very rural area, a Democrat has no business coming in first in a jungle primary. So good job to Sean Harris. The best part about this for the Democratic Party is that it means that Mike Johnson is short a vote for another month. So even if he doesn't win this election, Sean Harris is probably saving our behinds in ways that we will never even know about. Democrats also flipped a city council seat in Maitland in Florida. The mayoral race in Boca Raton, Florida might be a flip. It might not. We don't know. The Democrat right now is winning by five votes. So that's obviously going to go to a recount, so we'll see what happens. In New Hampshire, the Democrats flipped a statehouse seat in a Trump plus nine district. New England, of course, people associate with being super, super blue. In some ways it is, but it has deep, deep pockets of red. New Hampshire and Vermont both have Republican governors. And New Hampshire's very odd statehouse, which has 400 seats, is controlled by Republicans. The Republicans spent a lot of money defending this seat, and he also got a lot of money from outside groups to defend this seat. The Democrat did not spend as much money, nearly as much money, on her own, and she did not have any outside support. A very interesting primary in Mississippi's second congressional district. Benny Thompson is the incumbent. He's been in Congress for 30 years. He is 78 years old. He had a primary challenge from Evan Turnage, who was 34, and who has served as a lawyer for both Chuck Schumer and Elizabeth Warren. Benny won by a lot. Benny Thompson is the ranking member from the Democratic Party on the Committee for Homeland Security. If Democrats take back the House in November, he will become the chair of the Department of Homeland Security. There are some instances when seniority matters more than age. Not a lot of them, but this is probably one. And the bad news. This is the first Republican flip I have seen since the inauguration for over a year. This is in Prince William, Virginia. A Republican was able to flip a Board of Supervisors seat because the Democrat who won the primary had a text messaging scandal. The Democrat who lost the primary staged a write-in campaign. Their votes got split, and the Republican was able to take it. Congrats to the Virginia GOP, I guess.