Now, you have debt owed to service providers, contractors, ETC. Unfortunately, your financial statements does not disclose the age of your debt. You have not done an aging analysis, which the Auditor General should have queried. But our recommendation is this. Any debt that is older than 365 days should be settled. Why shouldn't you pay debt older than 365 days? Chair, we had not been asked for that, but we have a soft copy on the aging analysis. We have that, the aging analysis. And if you'll allow me, Chair, to say, when I took office, I found a bill of $3,812,556,795. We verified $2,126,781,000. And from those bills, I've been able to pay $642 million, remaining with $1.4 billion. We have unverified legal fees of $921 million, which the files have been taken by the ESCC. That is for the previous regime. We also have unverified of $757 million, which do not have documents. So anything without documentation from the previous regime is very hard for us to pay. If I come to my term as the governor of Machakos, as we speak now, my pending bill is $1.9 billion. I have already processed $275,400,275 million in IB. That is already in IB. And for the supplementary budget, we have put $200 million. That brings my pending bill, in my time, to $1.4 billion. In this coming budget, I have put $847 million for pending bills, which in the previous regime bill, I've put $100 million to bring the bill down. Because these people have completed their work, I have put $747 million. Now, that brings my pending bill to, once I pay that, during my regime, I'll have a pending bill of only $740 million. And the one for the previous regime, I would have brought it down to $1.2 billion. So I've been working on it. It's not that I've ignored. There are people who did work in the previous regime, and they finished. So I have to work on a way of paying them, balancing that with the work that I am doing now. Governor, the previous regime debt would therefore be 1,000 days. Because that's three years. Why should debt remain outstanding for 1,000 days? Good financial management should not exceed 365 days. Chair, if I was to pay all the pending bills I found, I would not have had money for one year. Do development for the people of Machamos. Governor, the bills that you are referring to as your own pending bills, after you pay what you budgeted for, would remain $700 million. What are you planning? When are you planning to pay the $700 million? Because again, that work has been done. The goods and services have been provided. What are your plans? What I have done, even in the previous one, we are doing fast charge. Any work that is finished before a department can even procure anything, we have to pay the pending bills, which you have taken it as fast charge. So we were giving you recommendations. We were going to recommend that any debt greater than 365 days should be paid. But from your explanation, you're saying we better go with a payment plan. Yes, Chair. Because if I don't do that, I would not be left with any money to run, to even pay salaries, and all that. Because when you look at the bill for the previous regime, it's over $3.8 billion. That is my development.