So if I'm governor of Florida, I'm elected on August 18th, 2026 as the Republican candidate to succeed Ron DeSantis. We're passing a 50% tax on all only fans income. Do you guys remember back in elementary school, back in middle school, people would run for class president and they'd always say in their speech, if I win, I'm going to ban homework. We're going to make homework illegal. It sounds really cool to say, but it really doesn't work that way. And guess what? For Sophie Rain, who is a proud resident of Florida, that means she's going to have to pay $42 million, $42 million to the state of Florida, which I'm going to use for two purposes. We're going to increase public school teacher pay and we're going to improve school lunches. We have James Fishback running for governor in Florida who wants to propose a 50% tax on all only fans income. Florida, as you guys may know, does not have an income tax. So a targeted 50% tax on all only fans income is basically going to be treated as a de facto income tax. And it's going to raise many constitutional and statutory issues in the state of Florida. What are the differentiating factors from only fans income to other online income sources like Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Twitch. It would be highly complex and unprecedented to enforce that. I understand the potential governor doesn't like Sophie Rain because she makes a lot of money on only fans and wants to take some of her money and put it into teacher pay and school lunches. And everyone loves teacher pay and school lunches, but you can't just tax somebody because they make a lot of money in a field you dislike. It's not like she's tobacco where you throw an excise tax on her. There's laws for a reason to prevent stuff like this. If the potential governor wants someone on his tax team to help, I'm here, I'm free. And if Sophie Rain needs an accountant, I'm free for that too. If you guys have any questions, let me know. If you enjoyed the video, follow for more. Thank you.