Hey y'all, I have an update on the proposed ICE facility in Social Circle, Georgia. For anyone new here, I'm Lexi Doherty. I'm running for Congress in Georgia's 10th District, which includes Social Circle, where this facility would be. So I've been following it really closely. They have bought a million square foot warehouse. Literally, it's just a box, an empty box. And they're planning to convert it to a facility that holds up to 10,000 people at a time. I was in a meeting last night with the city manager of Social Circle. So I have some new information to share. Something important to know is that Social Circle is a town of 5,000 people. And again, they are planning to hold 10,000 people in a warehouse. So the biggest problem with the idea of this facility in this town is that they just literally don't have the infrastructure to support it. So it kind of doesn't matter how anyone feels about ICE in general. This is a small conservative town, like this town for sure voted for Trump, but they do not want this facility here. DHS never contacted city officials before they bought this facility. The city learned about it on December 24th from a, I think it was Washington Post article that just had a list of proposed facilities at the same time that everybody else learned about it. And so they have been scrambling on the back end to try to learn as much as they can about like what is coming to their town. And basically DHS has been a pain in the ass every step of the way. One of the things that the city requested from DHS was basically like a facility report. Like what are their plans for water? What are their plans for sewage? How are they gonna get people and stuff like food, all of these things in and out of this facility in this small town? So like literally logistically, even if ignoring all of the human rights violations, just logistically, this facility is a clusterfuck. So they sent the city a couple of reports and one thing Eric noted yesterday was that some of the things they sent over were dated, but the like utilities report was not dated. Eric said he's pretty sure that they hadn't even looked into that until the city specifically asked them to. Not surprised. So the biggest thing here is that the city just does not have the water or sewer capacity to manage this facility. And in the notes, they were talking about using water and sewer capacity. One that's proposed, but doesn't exist yet, is not even funded. The city has like future plans to upgrade their water facilities. They mentioned water access to other counties that this facility has no connection to, like literally no way to get water from there or sewer back there. If they also planned to use the option of doing sewage processing onsite, but there's like water and solids output when you process sewage. And they talked about shipping out the solids, which makes sense, but where would the liquids go? It would literally have to be like dumped into a creek or river. There isn't one at this property. There's no stream that they could output to. If they planned to truck in water, again, 10,000 people, it would be 160 trucks every single day would be required to have enough water for this facility. Like literally, it just doesn't make sense if you use your brain for about two seconds. And it seems pretty clear that DHS does not care. They're moving forward anyway. So some threads that we can pull to gum up the works, maybe stop this. Environmental reviews. So people have mixed feelings about this, but we do have really strong environmental review laws. And given how just totally lacking the research was for this facility, I would bet almost my life, maybe not quite my life, but I would bet just about anything that there's no way that they have done appropriate environmental reviews. So we need to look into that. They are planning to have people in this facility by May or June, and there's no contracts out for the work yet. Apparently there's one new facility that does have a contract out, and I need to look into where that is and what the contract looks like, because I really wanna know how this is gonna be funded, who's building it and what it's gonna look like. We have the proposed facility outline, but I really want more detail than that. Another thing where this facility is, is a small town. It's like, I think it's inside the city limits of this small town. I'm not sure exactly where the line is, but there were a couple of local residents. There is a family that literally their property is like adjacent to the facility property. There is a residential subdivision that starts 1,000 feet from the property, and there is a school, an elementary school that is 2,000, just over 2,000 feet from the facility. They have no plans for how they're going to deal with having people and children so close to this facility. The biggest thing I took away from this is they don't know what they're doing. They really don't. They basically proposed this and said, we're doing it, and they're gonna work backwards to the facts to make it pan out. There were a couple of numbers that they used for things like how much economic development this is gonna cause for the town, because their pitch is like, this is gonna be good for you, trust us. This hair is going crazy. I'm just gonna tuck that back in. And Eric, the city manager, was like, this is a very specific number. Where's this number from? And they wouldn't give it to him. It is, oh man, Eric, the city manager, is the bomb. I wish every single public servant was like Eric. Everything the DHS has said to the city, he's publicly shared. So you can find all of this yourself on the city website. It's like socialcircle.gov, I think. There's probably some more in there. It's the Social Circle government website. If you Google it, you'll find it. One of the things he said was he put a lock on the water access to the facility from the city because it's the city's water access. And so he said, I will not take the lock off of this water access until my bosses tell me to, which that's the city council that is his bosses. Or there's a lawsuit. If a judge tells me to take it off, I will. But if they're expecting water access that we can't provide, that's just not gonna happen. I was like, oh God, you're the best. He also heard on background from someone at DHS or one of these organizations, he didn't specify, but it was someone kind of in the know that they had no intention of talking to the city until the city reached out to them. Yeah, so it's wild. They just don't give a shit. They're gonna do whatever they want unless we can stop them. So share this information, tell people you know, reach out to your representatives, your senators, your state representatives if this is happening near you, because we can push back against this. There's been several facilities that either sales have fallen through or like the facility contracts have been stopped. Judges have stopped work on some of them. So this is, all is not lost. Like we have a chance to fight this. So we just need to get together and keep pushing our representatives to do the right thing here. My next steps are gonna be looking into the environmental review process and seeing if they've done one, which again, I'm pretty damn sure they have not. But that's one way I think that we could stop this at least, you know, or slow it down. Yeah, I'll keep up with this. Follow the channel if you want to keep up with future updates.