Cristiano, I want your analysis in relation to the last researches. How do you receive these last numbers that we saw in several researches, that shows in some way a stagnation of the President of the Republic, and there a growth, an approximation of Flavio Bolsonaro? Cristiano Noronha. Well, Kobayashi, what the researches are showing, and what was expected, is Flavio's growth, after all, he placed himself as a successor of the former President Jair Bolsonaro. When we look at the researches from December, before Flavio's confirmation, the distance between him and Lula was in the house of 17%. So, as he becomes known, and he presents himself as a candidate, he is already traveling through some states, this weekend he was in Rondônia, there are more cities in the Northeast that he is visiting, the expectation is that he consolidates and narrows this difference. On the other hand, the researches are also showing that the government is having difficulties in gathering the results of those measures that the government believed would improve the popularity rates of President Lula. For example, the exemption of the income tax for those who earn up to 5 thousand reais, measures like the issue of people's gas. And now, the Iran war puts an even more challenging ingredient for the President of the Republic, since this ends up resulting in an increase in fuel prices and also in the impact on inflation. These are two very delicate issues where the voter perceives this very quickly. And also, in addition to this international episode, another challenge for the government is this whole issue involving Banco Master. Not that this issue directly involves the government or the President of the Republic, but one of the issues that the population has pointed out as the main problem of the country is the issue of corruption. And those in the government end up being impacted with a higher dose, let's say, of responsibility for what is happening. And in addition to that, these events end up, in a way, rivaling the positive agenda that the government tries to implement. So, the challenge for the government is very big and this is already putting pressure on the PT to anticipate an attack campaign against Flávio Bolsonaro, obviously trying to cause him to suffer some wear and tear along with public opinion.