come shopping at the Costco with me including prices. So it's actually been four months since my last Costco run and my shopping list had been quietly growing so it was definitely time to head to Costco for me and stock up. I did go in with a clear goal and a budget in mind which honestly helped a lot and even though I did stray from my list a little I still feel really good about my haul. So in total my receipt came to $343 but a few of the items were things I picked up for family members or that we split with family. So once I took those out my actual out-of-pocket total was about $290 which for a four-month restock trip I don't think was too bad at all. So one of the biggest reasons I love shopping at Costco is the value when you look at the unit pricing. The upfront price might feel a little bit high but when I break it down by serving or by item it usually works out much cheaper than buying the same things at the grocery store especially when it comes to school snacks. So my trip was a mix of fresh food, pantry staples, freezer items and school snacks but snacks were the focus for me this visit. So with many kids in my home lately there is a constant grab of something after school as well as the lunch box of course so I do like having a decent stash. I grabbed a variety of individual package options and honestly the snack haul alone will probably get us through the rest of the 2026 school year which makes the bulk price feel totally worth it. So I did also restock some of their everyday household staples and buying in bulk means I didn't have to think about them again for months which saves me time and extra grocery trips. Life has changed for us a little and saving time is very important this year for me. Also there's just something really satisfying about opening the pantry and just seeing everything stocked and ready to go but yeah of course no Costco trip would be complete without at least a couple of impulse buys and if you haven't tried their pickle chips you are missing out so yum but I am feeling much more organized now. Thank you Costco!