I'm going to explain more or less what I have managed to do with the bot, where I have had problems and how I am solving them. What happens is that what I started to do is to collect data to make an LSTM, which is a machine learning system. So first let's see what the predictive markets are, the 5-minute and the 15-minute bitcoin. There is also Solana, Ethereum and XRP. But I think 5 minutes is just bitcoin, the data has not been added. But keep in mind, there is a price to bid, which is where the candle opens. So if bitcoin ends up above where the candle started, that means it ended up up. And the same the other way around, if it ends below the price to bid, it's down. What these predictive markets do is to be with the probabilities of up, down, up, down. Everything I did, I added technical data like the RSI, the MACD to each of those minutes. Here you can see how in the candle 1214, here it says it is the time of Asia. Here I grab the bot, buy up, because machine learning was at 80%. Here it is telling you that the confidence of machine learning went down to 56%. So there is a probability that it is reverse. Here it won up, here are the seconds. Here it tells you the spot, minus 1 spot, how much was of each one. And the peak tells you that it was correct. So here it won $2.82. I had it running for a long time, it won $841, lost $291. It has a 74% win rate and $1,117. Remember that this is paper trading, this is not real. This is real, but no. I am collecting data, I am seeing how it works. And see everything I have here. This is the diagnosis it makes. So there it goes. Because what I realized is that it is very different when the bot trades in a market of the SISTA, in a market of the Bajista, and also when the market is choppy. Choppy means that Bitcoin does not move much. So the moment it goes up, I don't know, $30, $20. And it is $20 up, $20 down, $20 up, $20 down. So imagine the statistics, how they move in that scenario. They can go to $90 and then they go to $20. In addition to the strategy, the most important thing is latency. For us to be in Latin America and for not being close to the data centers, we have a disadvantage, or at least that is what I have investigated. The best thing you can do when you already have the bot is put it on a VPS and buy it online. So what I did was I bought a VPS that is in Amsterdam. I think they charge me about $20 a month. And the bot can be there 24 hours, 7 days a week without it falling. And the latency improves a lot. The resolution price is based on Chainlink. So my bot has had a 76% win rate and I have tested it in paper trading. Another of the big problems I have faced is that sometimes in these markets there is no liquidity. So if you buy or the bot tries to buy at 50%, it will still do it up to 60%. So I have seen that there are people who are putting little money, like cents, cents, just to see if there is liquidity or not. So what I am doing now is that I am collecting data from the Polymarket order book. Because even though I have a 75% win rate and it could look very nice in the bot, it is not the same in Polymarket. So what did I tell you? That if you buy, you buy at a different price. And then there is another factor. At the end of the 5 minutes, suddenly there are whales that manipulate the price. So you realize that there are 20 seconds left, the bot is doing well, and then out of nowhere everything changes. You realize that you are at 1%, a probability goes to 100%. I am using something called CAPA, which is a financial term, or mathematical, I don't know. And you realize that this is helping me to notice these anomalies. So if the whale buys a lot or something, let me know and save me the position because I'm going to lose.