These are my top 3 Pokemon investing plays as of right now. Number 3 shouldn't be any surprise to anyone, but it's Prismatic Evolutions, but I'm specifically interested in the Booster Bundle. I've mentioned them in recent videos, but they just offer such great value. Prismatic's going out of print next year, we've just seen what's happened with 151 bundles, the set value is still really high, you can get God Packs, they're only small, they're easy to store. So if you can pick up Booster Bundles at the minute for around £65 this time next year, I would not be surprised to see them double in price. The second item on this list is the Surging Sparks Booster Box, again, another item that I've spoken about before and one that a lot of people are speaking about, so it's not really a secret, but it just offers really good value. You can still pick them up for £215. For me, it's the second best booster box in the Scarlet and Violet era, it is better than Paldeo Vault, eventually I think it'll overtake that in price. It's also going out of print this time next year, and it's cheaper than some sets that are nowhere near as good as it, but at £215, it's an absolute no-brainer to pick these up right now. And the third item in my list, as you can see here, is the Mega Evolution Enhanced Booster Box. These are going for just under £250 right now, and yes, they don't go out of print for a couple of years, but what makes these really interesting, ignoring the fact that it's actually a really good set, is that Bulbasaur Box Topper sat right inside here. They currently sell for close to £40 sealed right now, but the PSA10 prices is what really interests me. As you can see here, the last sale in the UK was £375, and the reason they're so expensive is because they've got a really tough gem rate, and we know how that affects the price of things, don't we? So for me, these are a slightly longer term play, but if you can get hold of them for under £250, really good pick up. So they're my top three at the minute, let me know if you agree, or disagree, or have any other suggestions.