Tonight's Oscars might be coming with a healthy dose of insider trading. You ever notice how everything is gambling now with Polly Market and Kalshi allowing you to bet on literally anything, including what certain words people might say during awards ceremonies. You can bet on what people will say during their acceptance speeches tonight at the Oscars, including, I think more understandably, who will win in each category. That's a whole ethical debacle on its own, but I want to focus on what some of the trades are saying in terms of who will win and how they might have a vested interest in swaying the odds on platforms like Polly Market. So let's look at Variety. They're currently predicting that Sinners will win Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor. Now, personally, I would love that. I think Sinners would earn that, but if you look at how awards season has played out so far, I don't see that happening. Michael B. Jordan, I think, has a decent chance of winning Best Actor, but Paul Thomas Anderson is 100% winning Best Director, and one battle after another is probably going to take home Best Picture. But I almost wonder if predictive articles like this are swaying the odds on Polly Market, and Variety would have an interest in doing so since they are owned by Penske Media Corp., which is collaborating with Polly Market now. Penske also directly oversees the Golden Globes, which had a bunch of Polly Market marketing during the ceremony and on the red carpet. Now, let's actually go to Polly Market right now. Let's see what it's saying for who's most likely to win Best Picture. It's still one battle after another. One battle is at 78%, while Sinners is trailing pretty significantly at 20%. But if an outlet like Variety keeps pushing this narrative that Sinners is definitely going to win Best Picture, you could get a lot of people placing money on Sinners, which would bring down one battle's odds, which means you could then place a bet on one battle, which, given what we know from the precursors, is probably going to win and make more money. Now, let's check out Best Actor. Michael B. Jordan is currently the favorite at 61%, while Timothee Chalamet is at 31%, even though Chalamet was kind of the favorite just a couple of months ago. The thing about that is, Chalamet's percentage dipped after he made his opera and ballet comments, even though those comments only went viral shortly before Oscar voting ended. If Timothee Chalamet wins Best Actor tonight, he was always going to win. If he loses, he was always going to lose. But because of Chalamet's comments, and because of how a lot of people probably placing bets on Polly Market don't really know how the Academy works and how voting works, they probably assume that Michael B. Jordan has it in the bag right now, since Chalamet pissed a lot of people off. It's not that Sinners winning Best Picture or Michael B. Jordan winning for Best Actor would be undeserved. I think they would both deserve to win. But if you look at how awards season has played out so far, I just don't know if the numbers are there. But also, what's to stop someone from looking at what words someone may or may not say during an acceptance speech, look at a word that maybe doesn't have great odds of being said, and then just sneak that word into a speech right after they placed a bunch of money on it and make out like bandits?