Illinois, your primaries are in less than two days. Here's what the candidates are. In the Democratic primary, you have three candidates running for Senate. Raja Krishnamoorthi is a sitting U.S. Representative. He wants to raise the minimum wage, is pro-Israel, wants to reform ICE, not abolish it, and supports the current Democratic establishment. He takes 10% of his money from corporate PACs and 83% from large donors, and I rank him as an establishment Democrat. If you're happy with the current Democratic party, he's probably your guy. Julianna Stratton, on the other hand, is the Lieutenant Governor of Illinois. She wants to get money out of politics, abolish ICE, not just reform it, pass Medicare for All, and raise the minimum wage. She takes very little from corporate PACs, but a lot from large donors, and I rank her as a progressive Democrat. If you're worried about how much money there is in politics, Julianna is probably your girl. But there's also Robin Kelly, another sitting U.S. Representative. She wants to raise taxes on the rich, pass Medicare for All, is pro-Palestine, and pushes for gun reform. But she takes 48% of her money from corporate PACs, and that's because she's currently getting pushed by pro-Krishnamoorthi PACs in order to split up the vote between her and Julianna Stratton. And because of all that, I have to rank her as an establishment Democrat. If you take money from the establishment, you're part of the establishment. Now onto the Republican Senate primary. You have two candidates running, the first of which is Don Tracy, the chair of the Illinois Republican Party. He wants to cut government spending, support the Republican establishment, secure the border, and reduce crime. He takes no money from corporate PACs, but a ton from large donors, and I rank him as an establishment Republican. If you're a fan of the Republican Party right now, you should vote for this guy. The other candidate is Jeannie Evans, a former antitrust lawyer. She wants to enforce antitrust laws, cut business regulation, accelerate the development of AI, and fund border security. Just like Tracy, she takes no money from corporate PACs, but a lot from large donors, and I rank her as another establishment Republican. Go back, screenshot your pick, before we move on to the House elections. There are 17 congressional districts in Illinois. Look at this map, or go to this website and put in your address to find out which one you're in, starting with the Democratic primaries. Here are districts one through five. Districts three and four are uncontested, which means there's only one person running in the primary, meaning if you're in those districts, you're kind of just cooked. But if you're in one, two, or five, lock the fuck in and figure out who you're gonna vote for. Now we got districts six through 10, all of which have challengers. And keep an eye out for Kat Abugazela in district nine. She's a 26-year-old influencer who's currently running for House, and she's pretty close to winning. Now onto districts 11 through 15. The only ones with challengers here are 13 and 15, so if you're in those districts, lock the fuck in. And finally, districts 16 and 17, both of which are uncontested, so they don't really matter. Now onto the Republican primaries. Here are districts one through five. Two, three, and four don't have any challengers, but one and five do, so lock in. Districts six through 10, all but 10 have challengers, so figure out who you're gonna vote for. 11 through 15, all but 12 have challengers here. And 16 and 17, 17 has challengers. To find your polling location, go to this website and put in your address. To learn about your local elections, go to this website and put in your address. And if you're not registered to vote, what the fuck are you doing? Lock the hell in and go to this website so you can make sure you're registered before the general election. The 2026 midterms are about to be crazy, so buckle the fuck up. Let me know who you're voting for in the comments, and I will see you guys on March 17th.