This is one of the crazier headlines I've read recently. The journalist wrote, quote, gamblers trying to win a bet on poly market are vowing to off me if I don't rewrite an Iran missile story. This is coming from a military correspondent by the name of Emmanuel Fabian who works for the Times of Israel. He posted an article on Tuesday, March 10th of 2026 that was reporting on a massive explosion that took place outside of the city of Beit Shemesh, which is just outside of Jerusalem, basically saying that an Iranian ballistic missile landed in an open forested area just outside the city, around 500 meters from homes with no casualties. He said that the missile had hit an open area with no injuries reported, citing like rescue services. Now, he started receiving messages through WhatsApp, through email, through responses on X of people asking him to change his statements in his article. It started off like polite, basically people saying, hey, if you could correct this tonight, you would really be doing me and some other people a great favor because people were trying to ask him if he would correct it and clarify that what fell was an interceptor fragment and not a missile. People just citing inaccuracies and he refused to redo his report because he believed that it was accurate based on the local sources he had talked to. And people progressively became more aggressive with him. Some people were saying, you have exactly half an hour to correct your attempt at influence. You have 86 minutes left. You're the only one responsible for your life. After you make us lose $900,000, we will invest no less than that to finish you. People were threatening to dox him, referencing his neighborhood, his parents, his siblings. It got real crazy. Apparently even like somebody who is pretending to be a US lawyer reached out to him claiming that there was an investigation for market manipulation, all kinds of threats like that. Bottom line is what happened is there was a wager placed on Polly Market. And the specific question that was posed on there was said, Iran strikes Israel on dot, dot, dot. And there were individual dates up there for people to predict and wager over, including March 10th of 2026, where over $14 million was wagered overall. So there's a lot of people that had a lot of money on the line for this prediction. And they were trying to intimidate a journalist to change his statements about it to influence if they were gonna get paid out or not. Because the specific stipulation was, Polly Market's rules for resolving the bet specified that if the market would pay out, yes, only if Iran initiated a unmanned aerial vehicle missile or airstrike that landed on Israeli soil, explicitly excluding intercepted missiles or UAVs, even if fragments caused damage. Betters who had placed wagers on no first strike on March 10th began contacting Fabian shortly after to pressure him to reframe his reporting as an interceptor fragment instead of actually a ballistic missile impacting because they had wagered a lot of money. Anyway, he ended up reporting this to the Israeli police and he chose to ignore any further communications from these individuals. But he brought up a really good point at the end of the article saying, the attempt by these gamblers to pressure me to change my reporting so they could win their bet should not and will not succeed. But I do worry that other journalists may not be as ethical if they are promised some of the winnings.