I need to settle a debate and I need to settle it fast. I don't want Arsenal and Man Utd fans to be involved because there's going to be bias. But everybody else, out of these two, if you're to give the PFA to one of these two, who should it go to? And are you giving it to Declan Rice just because he's top of the league? Or are you giving it to Bruno Fernandes because if we're to say who's the better quality player this season, I'm a Liverpool fan and I have to admit, hey, he's up there. Going into the last couple of game weeks in the Premier League, Declan Rice is at the top of the PFA rankings for winning the award. And in my opinion, I don't think he's Arsenal's best player. I would give it to Gabriel. But this discussion is due to the fact that Bruno Fernandes might have a generational season. He might get that Henry assist record, which is 20 and he'll probably get 21. And with the way he's looking right now, one game a week and, you know, playing opponents that are in Europe, it's looking likely. And the case for Bruno Fernandes, unfortunately, is there. Yes, he's only playing one game a week. He's not having to, you know, go away midweek to go play Barcelona and then come and then play Aston Villa. I understand that. But this is PFA player of the year. This is the Premier League's best player. And in terms of the Premier League's best player, in my opinion, it's either him or it's Gabriel. But with Declan Rice at the top of the league, you know, about to win the league with Arsenal, carrying them to their first Premier League in the past 22 to 23 years, does it go to him? Does it go to the person just because he's been at the top of the league, just because he's been playing at the peak of his powers week in, week out, playing multiple games, turning up in certain games and, you know, putting in stellar performances? What I will give to Declan Rice is he's been the more consistent player. But PFA player of the year should go to the best player. Fans will say Bruno can't win player of the year because he hasn't won the league. But I remember these two people being head and shoulders above the players who won the league and ended up winning PFA player of the year. From what I know and from what I love from the game, you give the PFA player of the year to the player of the year, not to whoever are the best player in the team that won the league. Because sometimes in this occasion, maybe, it's a bit of an argument. And again, I wouldn't even give it to Declan Rice if I was to give it to an Arsenal player. I'll give it to Gabriel. But what do you guys think? And please, no bias in the comments. No bias.