Florida Democrats, you have three special elections taking place on March 24th, and all three are winnable and will be flips from red to blue. Early voting has already started and goes until March 21st, so make sure you return your mail-in ballot if you have one. Vote early in person if you can, or go and vote on Election Day, which is March 24th. Here is where those three special elections are taking place. The first one is State Senate District 14, and it is in the Tampa area. You can see the map behind me where this district is located, so if you live in this area, make sure you vote in this special election. Democratic candidate here is Brian Nathan, and he definitely has a chance to win. This is an area that Republicans usually win by 8 to 10 points, so it is totally a pickup opportunity. The second race is the Florida State House of Representatives District 87, and it centers around Palm Beach and even includes Mar-a-Lago. This, again, is another swing district that Democrats can totally win. The Democratic candidate here is Emily Gregory, and it would be so awesome for a Democrat to represent Donald Trump in the Florida State House of Representatives, so go and vote in this race if you live in the Palm Beach area. The third and final special election is in a slightly more Republican area. This is District 51. Republicans usually win here by about 13 points. It's in between Tampa and Orlando and Polk County, so if Democrats could pick up this seat in the special election, that would be a huge shock wave in Florida politics. And the Democratic candidate here is Edwin Perez, so make sure you go and vote for him either in early voting or on March 24th. So again, if you live in the Tampa area, around Palm Beach, or in Polk County, check and see if you live in one of these districts and if you should be voting in this special election. You may have already received your mail and ballot, so definitely return that ASAP. You can vote in person early until March 21st, and then again Election Day is on March 24th. You can see here in that state senate election, Democrats are lagging a little bit in mail ballot returns. There's about equal Democrats and Republicans in this area. Only 15,000 Democrats have voted, 16,000 Republicans have voted, so please make sure you go out and vote, and please share this video with anybody in Florida that might live in any of these three areas to make sure that they vote in these very important special elections.