I am running for councillor! So get unready with me while I tell you everything about me running for councillor. So my name is Sagal, Sagal, Sagal and I am running in the London borough of Hillingdon. Now I feel like on the doorstep if you don't know what canvassing is it means we go around and we knock on people's doors and we ask about the election, the local elections, if they're going to vote, issues that are closest to their heart and one thing that comes up the most is that a lot of people don't know the difference between a local and a general election. So people are like what do you mean an election is coming up? In fact if you're watching this and you're over the age of 18, possibly soon to be 16, you should check if there's a local election coming up near you. If you live in London you probably have a local election coming up that you need to vote for! So I am running in the London borough of Hillingdon. Oh I'm just removing my makeup with some micellar water and yeah I am running in the ward of Eusley. It is somewhere that I actually didn't, wasn't born in Hillingdon. I was born, well that's another thing that tends to come up, people tend to ask me are you born in Hillingdon? And I say no and they go so what country you born in love? Guys I'm still born in England, still born in England! I was just born in the next borough across in Ealing and I moved to Hillingdon when I was about 10 years old. I'm gonna take my eyelashes off, look at this! Oh my gosh! Okay both lashes are gone now. So first of all a bit about me. So like I said I was not born in Hillingdon, I was born in Ealing and I moved to Hillingdon when I was about nine or ten years old and I've lived in Hillingdon the entire rest of my life up until my old old age of 20 something. I'm not even gonna share that because I can't believe I'm turning, guys the age that I'm turning this year is so serious it actually makes me a bit sick and so I realised you know what I love Hillingdon if you know me I'm an Uxbridge girl through and through. I keep getting cut off this is ridiculous I'm not gonna be able to get through this video. I thought I'd come on here and document kind of behind the scenes of me and this councillor thing. Like I was saying, I feel like I'm saying a million things at once. First things first, what's the difference between local and general elections? So the local elections tend to be for your local ward councillors and who your council is currently made up of. The more councillors that a party wins that tends to be the leading administration for the council. At the minute in Hillingdon it is Conservative and they've been Conservative for the last 27 years and like I say I have lived in Hillingdon for the past lord nearly 20 years now which is insane and so that's basically they've been Conservative more than I've been alive. I've never known a Labour or anything else party administration in Hillingdon. I used to work as an SEN LSA and the SEND system in Hillingdon is so broken and that's one of the main reasons why I'm running on this campaign so far and I think that's one of the main reasons why I want to make this. I guess it would be like a mini series of like the rest of the campaign. We've got I believe at the time of recording this it's probably about 50 something days until the day of the election on May 7th and it's so scary that it's coming up so quickly but I used some of this and then I'm going to be using let's look in my box of I might use some of this. I think local politics is so important and I think it often gets sorry beat myself up um I think it gets left behind a little bit people are so focused on general you know election stuff and the government and stuff like that and don't get me wrong those are so important I know that they're so important I studied politics but I feel like a lot of the time your local stuff get left behind the fact that there's no youth centres for kids the fact that schools don't get the funding that they need the fact that there's a housing crisis it's so important to daily life for people not just in Hillingdon locally if you're watching this and you're not in Hillingdon for you as well and I think it's important to go and see which who's running for you which candidates are running for you do they have the values that you want I hope I do if you're watching this and you're in Newsley I hope I do and I feel like also to kind of see what goes on behind the scenes and to see what goes into an election and what well you know what the conversations that come up on the doorstep and the fundraisers that we hold and the canvassing sessions that we have and the leafleting that happens I think all of that stuff they're so eye-opening so much goes on in an election you guys I had no idea about and you know what I'm bringing you lot along with me for the ride there's only a couple of months left but if there's anything that you guys want to see any behind the scenes stuff that obviously won't get me in trouble that you wanna that you want to see where did I put oh what's in here um I used some of this by the way if there's anything that you guys want to see any questions that you guys might have I'm your girl I'm going to be documenting it all and that is more or less my skincare for the night I'm going to take these out I've already got my DRA on I've got my t-shirt on under my DRA because that's also very important do you know how comfortable it is to wear a t-shirt under a DRA why has no one told me this but yeah that's me that's everything about me I think I probably have missed some stuff out it's literally about midnight and my fire alarm keeps going off if anyone knows how to change that as well that would be really helpful my lips are dry but yeah that's everything about me and yeah this is so bad inshallah I get better at this TikTok thing as well as time goes on because this is just no good