This morning, the County Executive of Bomebay was supposed to appear before the Public Accounts Committee to respond to issues raised by the Monitor General on the County Executive Receivable Revenue and County Revenue Fund for the financial year 2024-2025. We expected Governor Gladys Swanga and her team to come before the committee and explain measures taken to deal with the non-conformances and violations of law that were exposed by the Monitor General. Governor Swanga and her team failed to appear before the committee. Instead, we received a letter in the morning requesting for a postponement. The committee considered the letter and being the second request for postponement, the committee resolved to issue summons to compel the appearance of the County Executive of Bomebay before the Public Accounts Committee. This is in line with Article 229, which places very strict timelines on the part of the Senate. By 31st of March, the Senate is expected to conclude its deliberations and report to the House for appropriate action. We must make it clear that appearing before the Senate is not a favour to the members of the Senate, to the members of the Public Accounts Committee or even to the public. It is a constitutional obligation. We must also make it clear that committees of the Senate are not like a buffet, where governors choose which committee to appear before and which one not to appear before. It is a matter that has already been adjudicated, including by the Supreme Court, on the responsibility and obligation of governors as Chief Executive Officers to come to the Senate and to address issues that have been raised by the Auditor General on financial management or mismanagement. We all swore an oath to protect the Constitution. We all swore an oath to defend devolution. And I want to call on governors that let us linda Katiba, let us also linda Ugatuzi. Ultimately, those are the two main imperatives that will lead to a transformation in the lives of our people. Indeed, accountability was a key pillar in our campaign promises. I do recall when we were campaigning in the last election, we went around together saying that we will be more accountable and we will be more transparent and we'll be more responsive and we'll be more concerned about governance. In Homa Bay County, accountability has been part of our political culture. It's been part of our governance culture. I do recall that the first governor of Homa Bay, His Excellency Cyprian Awiti, never failed to appear before the Senate. In fact, I remember instances where he appeared before the Senate when he was unwell or when he had just come from hospital because he understood that that was not a favor to the people of Homa Bay. That was part of his core job description. And I do hope that Governor Wanga will also borrow a leaf from what the predecessors have done. There were critical issues that we needed to have clarity on. For example, the pending bills in Homa Bay has been escalating. The financial statements indicate that the year closed at 1.5 billion in terms of pending bills. That is a lot of money locked up within the county which, if it was released, it would stimulate the local economy. What is unfortunate is that more than 1 billion of that debt is older than 365 days. We wanted to have a discussion on the spiraling wage bill. Homa Bay has one of the highest wage bills of county governments in Kenya. 54% of Homa Bay's revenue goes to payment of salaries and wages and yet PricewaterhouseCoopers had flagged that the payroll of Homa Bay is riddled with ghosts and the payroll of Homa Bay needs to be cleaned. This was a substantive discussion at our last meeting with the Governor and we expected that she would come and tell us what measures she has taken to ensure that we address the issue of ghost workers and a spiraling wage bill. We also wanted to discuss county priorities. In Homa Bay County, the referral hospital is still under construction at a cost of roughly $270 million and yet we have a swanky new county headquarters at a cost of $800 million. The question would be, what do we need more? Do we need a good headquarter for current and future governors or do we need a good hospital for children and women who are in dire need of health services? We wanted to discuss the slow implementation of certain programs. For example, the Kenya Informal Settlement Improvement Plan, KISIP. About $1.4 billion was allocated as a conditional grant. It was meant to improve informal settlements in Makongeni, Shawriako, Sofia, a thousand streets in Oyugis, in Nyandiwa and Rusinga Old Town. The Auditor General indicates that the project is not proceeding in accordance with original plans and we wanted to know what plans the county government has. We also wanted to understand, in terms of on-source revenue, Homa Bay's on-source revenue has grown consistently but it's because of hospital fees. The Auditor General has reported that the monies collected from hospitals, which ideally should go to an FIF fund, Facility Improvement Fund, is not being disbursed back to the hospitals 100%, which is contrary to national legislation. We wanted to get an assurance from the Governor that whatever is collected from hospitals is ploughed back into the hospitals to ensure that we've got quality health care in Homa Bay County. And there are a few other things that came from the audits of prior years. Kigoto, things like county aggregation and industrial parks. So we had a rich full menu of issues to discuss and we do hope that when we issue the summons that the Governor of Homa Bay will appear before the Senate and will explain to the Senate and to the people of Homa Bay measures taken to ensure that we linda Katiba, we linda Ugatuzi, we linda Homa Bay and we linda the people who have entrusted us with leadership.