I'm about to win $1 billion for building the perfect March Madness bracket over on Kalash's $1 billion bracket challenge. If I get the perfect bracket on this challenge, I'm giving away $1,000 to 20 people who like and comment on this video. And you guys can also fill this out. It's free to enter and you just got to be at least 18 years or older. Let's fill this out. I'm going to take Duke to beat Sienna. Give me TCU to upset Ohio State. St. John's is going to be Northern Iowa. Kansas will be California Baptist. Louisville is going to beat South Florida. Give me Michigan State to beat North Dakota. UCLA is going to beat UCF, and UConn is going to destroy Furman. In the South, I'm going to take Florida to Iowa to upset Clemson. Give me McNeese to upset Vanderbilt because they have a mirror or a con. Nebraska is going to beat Troy. UNC is going to beat VCU. Illinois is going to beat Penn. I'm going to ride Texas A&M to take down St. Mary's, and Houston to beat Idaho. In the West, give me Arizona to beat LIU. Villanova is going to beat Utah State. Wisconsin will beat High Point. I'm taking Kansas over Hawaii. BYU is going to beat NC State or Texas. Gonzaga is going to beat Kensau. BU is beating Missouri, and I got Purdue beating Queens NC. Midwest, I'm going to take Michigan. Don't matter who the 16th seed is. I'm going to ride St. Louis to beat Georgia. Texas Tech is going to beat Akron. Alabama is going to beat Hofstra. Tennessee will be either MOH or SMU. Virginia is beating Wright State. I'm riding Kentucky to beat Santa Clara. Iowa State is beating Tennessee State. In the second round, give me Duke to beat TCU. St. John's to beat Kansas. Michigan State to beat Louisville. UConn's beating UCLA. Florida is going to beat Iowa. Nebraska is going to beat McNeese. Give me Illinois to beat UNC. Houston is going to take down Texas A&M. Arizona is beating Nova. Wisconsin is going to beat Arkansas. Gonzaga is taking down BYU. Purdue is going to beat my canes. Michigan beats St. Louis. Texas A&M beats Bama. Virginia beats Tennessee. And Iowa State beats Kentucky. Sweet 16, I'm taking Duke to beat St. John's. UConn to beat Michigan State. Florida beats Nebraska. Houston to beat Illinois. Arizona beats Wisconsin. Purdue takes down Gonzaga. Michigan beats Texas Tech. I'm taking Virginia to upset Iowa State. In the Elite 8, give me UConn to upset Duke. And Arizona to beat Purdue. Florida beats Houston. Michigan to beat Virginia. In the Final Four, I'm taking UConn to make it back to the finals. Arizona taking down Michigan. Setting up a final between Arizona and UConn, and I have Arizona winning the whole thing. And those are all 63 of my picks that are going to win me $1 billion.