Yesterday, Democrats had their worst special election performance since Donald Trump was elected, and it happened here, right next to Virginia Beach. And the Democrat here did about six points worse than Kamala Harris did. And you compare that to all the other special elections where Democrats have been doing about 10 to 15 points better. And the reason that Republicans did so well here is because of the redistricting referendum going on in the state. Republicans are basically pissed off and motivated to vote because Democrats are trying to redraw the maps in Virginia to pick up four new seats. And it is critical that we go out and vote yes on this referendum and pass these new maps, and I'll show you why right now. Passing these new maps in Virginia and voting yes is crucial to keeping us at the same balance of seats as we had before mid-cycle redistricting started. So basically, Donald Trump told Texas to redraw its maps to pick up five seats, and the Republicans never thought the Democrats would counter, because the Democrats, in order to redraw many of their states, have to basically dissolve their independent redistricting committees. And that's what California did. So they already passed a proposition to do that. Missouri, North Carolina, and Ohio also followed the president's orders. Indiana, interestingly, did not. And Utah Democrats basically got lucky with a court decision that helped them pick up a Salt Lake City seat again. And the thing is, we need Virginia now to counter what is going to happen in Florida. And Ron DeSantis has very cleverly scheduled their redistricting to happen after the end of the Virginia referendum, and that's because if Florida went first, it would definitely motivate Virginia Democrats to get out and vote. So they kind of want to make it seem like Virginia is an extra goody for Democrats that's not needed. But as you can see here, Florida is coming, and Florida could even be up to five seats. This shows you the up to five Democrats that could be targeted by Republicans in Florida to redraw the maps and basically eliminate them. Republicans may not get this aggressive because they want to protect their incumbents more, but this is as extreme as that Republican gerrymander could get. These are all the congressional districts in Virginia ordered from where there's been the most early voting, CD1 with 31,000 votes, to the least early voting, CD3, 10,000 votes. And you can see here there's a definite pattern where the more Democratic the district, the less amount of early votes have been cast. And you can see that in this map as well. Northeast Virginia, Richmond, Southeast Virginia, all the areas with Democrats are the lightest shade of green, which means the lowest turnout. You can early vote in any county in Virginia right now all the way until April 18th, and then the election will be on April 21st. In many counties like Fairfax counties, they'll be opening additional sites on April 11th. So if you live in a very large county, they might open what are called satellite sites around April 11th, so there'll be more places to vote. But there are places right now open in every single county where you can vote. And if you did get a mail-in ballot, make sure to return it pronto.