So, the U.S. engagement with Iran is not exactly playing out as the globalists expected. The cancellation of war risk insurance by the empire's oldest insurance company was supposed to bring shipping to a halt, spike oil prices, and shatter economies. Operation Epicure was supposed to be economically and politically disastrous for President Trump and backfire against him. But the president was ready. He moved on three fronts simultaneously, and Lloyds never recovered. First, he announced that the Development Finance Corporation would step in with political risk insurance. Lloyds had pulled coverage, Washington replaced it within days. Second, he announced the Navy was on notice to protect shipping in the strait as needed. And third, this is the move that tells you everything about how differently this president thinks. Trump lifted some sanctions on Russian oil. Not only that, he got on the phone with President Putin to discuss the conflict in Iran. So let's put this all in context. Last week, Donald Trump branded Britain as our former closest ally, the same Great Britain which has led the charge to sanction Russia and keep the Ukraine war going, and the same country which is home to Lloyds of London, which just tried to strangle world oil supply. So instead, Trump turns to Russia to get oil moving and chats up Putin for an hour. Now, here's something else you didn't see coming, especially if you've been imbibing the Israel-runs-Trump Kool-Aid. Yesterday, Axios carried this headline, scoop, US asks Israel to halt strikes on Iran's energy infrastructure. Axios reporter Barak Ravid reported three reasons, protecting Gulf energy stability, avoiding price spikes, and preserving Iran's oil sector for post-war cooperation. This is the same approach that President Trump used with Venezuela. Trump isn't protecting the regime. He's planning for what comes after it, and it doesn't conform to Israel's objectives. So think about what that means. Israel doesn't have a blank check. The Gulf states are being protected. Iranian oil is being preserved for the Iranian people after the regime falls. This is not a neocon war plan. This is a president managing the endgame while the bombs are still falling. Now, here's another page from the neocon playbook being put into the shredder, the page about how Trump's Iran moves are aimed at China. We're in a very good position, but very unfair to other parts of the world, like China as an example. We're doing this for the other parts of the world, including countries like China. They get a lot of their oil through the straits. So we're doing this. We have a very good relationship with President Xi and China. I'm going there in a short period of time, and we're protecting the world from what these lunatics are trying to do, and very successfully. So line it all up. Trump called Lloyd's bluff and called Britain our former ally. Then he eases sanctions on Russian oil and calls Putin. And he says he's doing it for China and the rest of the world. No wonder heads are exploding in think tanks in London and Washington. This is the real story, not the missile strikes or the carrier movements or the panic market headlines, but the strategic landscape being remade in real time. And this is what Promethean Action covers every day. So head on over to our website and sign up for our free newsletter. The link is in the description. Because the empire isn't just being outflanked.