MARCH! Madness is fucking here, baby boy, and I'm pleased to present you the official 2026 Polly Market Sports March Madness Bracket. Sit back, relax, and watch your favorite pookies take all of Warren Buffett's money. What the fuck is a Sienna? Ohio State is walking in the tournament hotter than Sidney Sweeney in the Euphoria Season 3 leaks, and I truly don't think TCU stands a chance. Give me Ohio State. Everyone thinks this game is gonna be closer than we think. I simply do not. Give me St. John's. Kansas. Whoa, hold on there, baby boy, we have our first upset of the tourney. South Florida just bullied Wichita State to make the tournament, and I honestly don't see that momentum stopping here against a rather weak Louisville squad. Give me South Florida. Michigan State. Once again, another game closer than we think, but I still do think the Bruins move on to the next round. Give me UCLA. UConn. Florida. Iowa is coming into this bitch on a heater no one expected. I think this game will be relatively close at the end of the day. The Big Ten is better than the ACC. Give me Iowa. Okay, listen guys, I know my pick here is gonna confuse a lot of people, and to be honest, I don't really give a fuck. Give me McNeese. Nebraska. North Carolina is not the same North Carolina it used to be, but it's March, so never count these little fuckers out. Give me the Tar Heels. What the fuck is a Penn? Texas A&M is not a basketball school. Now, they might have more funding than the space program, but none of that shit matters. Give me St. Mary's. Houston. Iowa State. I'm riding the Santa Clara hype train, and to be completely honest, I really just do not like the state of Kentucky. They playing just fucking sucks, and based solely of my disdain for that state. Give me Santa Clara. Virginia. I don't even know who Tennessee is playing, but I honestly don't think it matters that much. Give me Tennessee. Alabama. Now listen, I don't know if any of you have ever been to Akron, Ohio, but there's a reason its nickname is Crackron, and based simply off the fact that their nickname is cool as fuck. Give me Akron. These 8-9 matchups can really swing both ways, but something about the aura that Robbie Avila possess makes me lean just a little bit toward the arch. Give me St. Louis. Michigan. I'm sure a lot of you expected me to just say Purdue. I mean, I'm still picking Purdue, but just know I've got my eye on you. Haha. Bars. Don't know, don't really care. Give me Missouri. Gonzaga. Once again, I have no idea who BYU is playing, but I don't think it really matters. Give me the Cougs. Arkansas. High point's gonna get their shit kicked in and fly home to a nice private steak dinner. Give me Wisconsin. Weird-ass game to pick, but I'm gonna make this short and sweet. Utah State makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside, while Villanova makes me feel absolutely nothing. Give me Utah State. Yeah, I shouldn't have to tell you. Moving on to the round of 32. As much as I would love to take the Ohio State University to win this game, I feel as if I do. You might be able to know what my favorite college basketball team is. Give me Duke. Yeah, I don't know who the fuck allowed this to happen, but this is the best round of 32 game I think we've ever seen. But for some reason, I don't think the Fighting Darren Petersons have a chance in hell at beating Rick Pitino. Give me St. John's. Yeah, okay, South Florida's not that good. Give me Michigan State. Okay, as much as I love Donovan Dent, there is no way I'm picking someone over Dan Hurley and the scariest team in March. Give me UConn. I would love to see Iowa in the Sweet 16 more than anything, but Florida is just too fucking good at basketball. Give me the Gators. Yeah, there's no way Nebraska loses this game. Literally no way, I think. Give me Nebraska. North Carolina is good in March, but they sure as shit aren't that good. Give me Illinois. St. Mary's. I don't want to explain myself, I just have a feeling. Holy mother dick shit, this game is gonna feed families. One of the most underrated teams in all of collegiate athletics, taking on arguably the best basketball team in college. As much as this pains me to say, give me Iowa State. Tennessee is hot, but fuck me, Virginia is so much hotter. Give me the Cavaliers. Crackron stands absolutely zero chance against Alabama. Roll motherfucking Tide. I think I'm gonna get weird. Weirder than anything you've probably ever seen. Give me St. Louis. I fucking hate Purdue. Give me Purdue. Okay, okay, okay. BYU is looking really good coming into March, but I really don't think the fighting A.J. Dibance does have a fighting chance in hell at beating Gonzaga. Give me the Zags. Wisconsin. I once again don't feel like explaining myself. Yeah, there is no way Arizona loses this. Let's move on to the Sweet 16. God, this game is gonna feed families. I may or may not have picked Duke to win in my father's work bracket, but fuck it. It's March. Give me St. John's. God damn it, this shit's gonna get me fired. I have no idea why I'm doing this, but Cohen Carr and Jeremy Fierce make Michigan State sexier than Megan Fox in Transformers. Give me the Spartans. Yeah, Florida's boring, and by now you should all expect this. Give me Nebraska. Illinois is the scariest team coming into March, and I think they show why in this game right here. I honestly don't think St. Mary's is even that good. I think this is the biggest blowout in all of March. Give me Illinois. Oh god, oh god, oh god, I genuinely have no idea who to pick. Virginia is playing so good right now, but no one wants to face Iowa State in the tournament. Fuck it, give me Iowa State. This game won't be close. R.I.P. Robbie Avila. Give me Alabama. Fuck Purdue. You thought? Give me Gonzaga. Once again, there is no way Arizona loses this game. Give me Arizona. Let's move on to the Elite Eight. Fuck me. I don't know if Michigan State can win this game. The Big East champs are playing some of the best basketball I think I've ever seen. I have no idea what the hell's gonna happen in this game. I just know that Michigan State has this feeling to them, like this aura that I don't think I've ever experienced before. So for that reason and that reason only, give me the Spartans. Another Big Ten matchup for the ages. As much as I want Nebraska to come out victorious in this motherfucker, I really don't think they can. Give me Illinois. This will be the best game of the Give me Illinois. This will be the best game of the entire tournament. Alabama has the firepower while Iowa State wants this shit a little bit more. And I believe in March, anything is possible. So for that reason and the fact that Iowa State is still really fucking good, give me the Cyclones. Yeah, Arizona's not losing this shit. Give me Arizona. And let's move on to the Final Four. This game. Oh lord almighty, this game might give me a heart attack. Cohen Carr stomping on people's necks while Keaton Wagler drops threes in your face all night long. But Michigan State has been my team all March long. I love this shit. I love this team. And I think they get it done and make it to the championship game. Give me the Spartans. Yeah, okay. Arizona isn't losing this shit. Wait, wait, wait. This is the Cyclones we're talking about. This team has never and will never be beaten unless they face a team like Michigan State in the championship. Well. I'm getting back to a deeper run in this tournament. I'm gonna die trying. you