This is the best team you can build for FPL Blank Game Week 31. Let's see how many of these players you can have in your team ahead of the new game week. In goal, we're going to go for Martinez. I don't really like the look of the Aston Villa defenders because they don't get defensive contributions or attacking returns or really bonus either. So if you are going to go and target this fixture against West Ham, then the goalkeeper is probably the way to do it. In defense, we're going to go for Anderson, Chou and Virgil. And particularly, I do like Anderson and Chou at Newcastle. Both of these guys have good home fixtures against teams that, quite frankly, don't score many goals, don't create many opportunities. For the third defender, I've gone for Virgil because I think most people will feel comfortable going there. But you could also go for Chalaba or Lewis Hall if you want to double up on the Newcastle defense. But certainly, Fulham and Newcastle are the best opportunities for clean sheets. In midfield, Bruno Fernandes and Harry Wilson are essential with their fixtures in game week 31. But if you have the spare budget, why not go for players like Salah and Parma too in that midfield? Penalty takers, set-piece takers are always going to be very useful in what we typically think is going to be a low-scoring game week because it is a blank game week. And finally, Anderson, the DEFCON man. Again, nice route to points in a week where we're not expecting too many points. Up front, we're going to go for Raul Jimenez here at home against Burnley, targeting that fixture. Another penalty taker. And Thiago against Leeds as well is going to be nice. Again, another penalty taker there. So we're really targeting players, set-piece takers, penalty takers, DEFCON defenders like Anderson, Chal, and Virgil to try and maximize opportunities to get points when there aren't going to be too many points to be had. Let me know how many players you are going to have from this team in your team in game week 31. And feel free to check out the full extended video on YouTube to find out why I've picked these players and also a few alternative options.