But I'm curious about, in this act, the marriage aspect of it, because Michael Schnell had been talking about how there are concerns that married women will have a hard time registering. Caroline Leavitt dismissed that, said it's not—that's not a thing. Is it a thing? It's absolutely a thing. And what she said is, well, it's not really a thing for that many people. Let's start with—and there's no doubt that this number is the denominator, and ultimately it's a fraction. The numerator won't be the same as the denominator. But let's start with the denominator. Oh, God, don't do math. OK, go ahead. Sixty-nine million women in America, Katie, have a name, a married name, that differs from the name on their birth certificate. So now, in addition to all of the hurdles, significant hurdles required for every American to register to vote by showing either a birth certificate or a passport, which is a combination of documents that a lot of Americans don't have, even if you're in the portion of America that does have those documents, if you're one of those 69 million women, you may live in a state that is different than the state where you were born. So now you have to go to the state where you were married to get a certificate of marriage from that state, and then take that certificate of marriage from that state to the state where you're trying to register to vote, and their election officials have to determine whether that's valid. It's not necessarily impossible. It's burdensome. It's hugely burdensome. And the burden itself, does it violate your constitutional right to vote, to put that many burdens on your ability to do so? The 24th Amendment eliminates poll taxes. Now, this isn't a poll tax in the literal sense, but in the practical, de facto sense, it absolutely is a burden that comes with significant expense, significant chilling and significant hurdles that will impose a burden that will mean some people melt off the voter rolls. So, if this passed, and it contained any of that, the burdens that you were talking about, essentially, there would be a case to be made, and that case, I imagine, would end up at the Supreme Court? Absolutely.