they do have a chance in North Carolina, in Maine, in Alaska, in Ohio. We're starting to see the candidates that are going to be in these different states, and now we're seeing that Democrats do have a shot. And when we start looking at what's going on in the economy, we start looking at wars, we start looking at different things, we're seeing voter sentiment change. And right now we're seeing Democrats benefiting from this voter sentiment change. And that is the real story here. So when we start looking at the map, the reason why Democrats now are 50-50 is because when you look at places like North Carolina, like we talked about before, you have Roy Cooper, real good chance Roy Cooper is going to win in North Carolina. You start looking at Maine, you have Platner, you have Mills, it's a good possibility that one of them will win over Collins in Maine. And then you start looking at Alaska, you have Peltola. Peltola has a really good chance, a 50-50 chance of winning in Alaska. And now when you look at the Senate map, you have Democrats and Independents at 50, you have Republicans at 50. Of course, Republicans would still maintain control because the vice president's a Republican, and the vice president will come in and break the tie. But we still have two states where I think Democrats have a possibility of winning it, Texas and Ohio. And so with Talarico now, and you look at some of the latest polling with Talarico, he's running neck and neck against Cornyn and Paxton. So we're still waiting to see if it's going to be Cornyn or Paxton. They're doing their runoff, and we'll find out more information in May about that. But Talarico has a real shot of winning in Texas. And so that is changing things. That's changing the way people are seeing the Senate races. And then when it comes to Ohio, you have Sherrod Brown. And in the latest polling, it's showing Sherrod Brown has a slight lead over Houston. And so because of this, we're now seeing the possibility of Democrats taking back control of both the House and the Senate. Because if we change just one of these out of the last two, Texas or Ohio, let's say Talarico pulls it off in Texas. Now we're looking at Democrats at 51, Republicans at 49. And guess what? Democrats take back control of the Senate.