Ladies and gentlemen, President Trump has just had one of his biggest gambles yet end up going off completely according to plan. And so right this very moment, not only are the Democrats completely melting down, but also President Trump has been vindicated yet again. Now, as I'm sure you've all noticed, for the last several weeks, the Democrats have been absolutely screeching and raging over President Trump's $20 billion bailout of Argentina. But well, as it would turn out, this $20 billion deal with Argentina was actually a little bit more of an investment and a little bit less of a bailout. And I'll tell you what, that investment is already paying dividends. You see, it was eight days ago now, on October 20th, when President Trump finalized his $20 billion deal with Argentina, in which the Trump administration invested into the Argentinian peso. Then on October 26th, just two days ago now, Argentinian President Javier Mele's political coalition went on to win their midterm elections in a colossal landslide victory. And so it's because of this series of events that now the Argentinian peso's value is absolutely skyrocketing, increasing in value by 10% in just the last two days, generating $2 billion for the USA as a direct result of President Trump's $20 billion investment. So yeah, ladies and gentlemen, like I said, President Trump has just done it again. But you know what? For a little bit more information here, take a listen to what Treasury Secretary Scott Besant had to say about all of this. So you dispute the idea that America hurt itself by giving this $20 billion lifeline to Argentina. Can you guarantee Americans they'll be made whole on that? Margaret, I can tell you that the exchange stabilization fund has never lost money. It will not lose money this time. And we are not giving money to Argentina. It is a swap line, which the US has done many times in the past, and we've never lost money. And so folks, like I said, not only have we not ended up losing money with this Argentina deal, but we actually ended up making money. But now, as Secretary Besant mentioned, the Trump administration didn't just give $20 billion to Argentina. They used a program called the Exchange Stabilization Fund, which has been used over 100 times in the last 90 years to stabilize various foreign economies. And as a fun history fact here, every single time the United States has made use of this fund, we've actually ended up making money in the form of loan repayments with annualized interest rates. So ladies and gentlemen, here's the reality. This immediate success of President Trump's currency swap with Argentina, which is really more of a long-term investment than anything, has just completely shattered