Who will be able to remove President Bola Metunogu from office come 2027? This is the biggest question NJAS are asking. Who will be able to remove this man from office? Many people cannot answer this question and it is very difficult to answer this question due to the fact that the Jakaba himself, who is the president of the country, has very big and strong political strategies. And do not forget, he has not lost any election as claimed. Seriously, he has not. The man is a very good politician to the core. I will be showing you guys and you guys will be seeing who has the best chance to remove this man. Is it Atiku? Is it Peter Obi? Is it Zia Hameshi? Is it Zia Ufa? Among all these top political leaders, opposition leaders, we will be checking, we will be seeing who has the best option, the best chance to unseat the president. Now, I will be showing you guys their strengths and their weakness. There is no politician without strength and there is no politician without weakness. They also have their weakness. So, I will be showing their weakness and their strength. Do not forget that the opposition right now, as of today, their political party that is majorly recognized is the ADC. ADC remains the biggest opposition party as of today. So, these people are in this ADC. Now, I will be starting from the beginning, Atiku Hameshi. I will list all of them. I will tell you who can win or who can unseat the current president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Now, Atiku Abubakar, Uteni Hameshi and Peter Obi are indeed among the most discussed possible challengers. But each of them has different kind of strength and weakness. Yes, they have different strength and weakness. The three or four of them have different strength and weakness. Now, I will go to Peter Obi. I will go to Peter Obi. Peter Obi has grassroot energy and youth movement. That is an advantage of Peter Obi. Peter Obi built a powerful grassroot movement in 2023, especially among youth, professionals and Uber voters. Peter Obi's strength is in the youth. Yes, the youth and those that live in Uber centers. That is where Peter Obi's strength lies. That is the truth. Peter Obi is not that strong in villages or rural areas. Whether in the Uber and the youth, for those that are also educated, they are the ones that mostly see Peter Obi as the best candidate. Now, Peter Obi's strength is strong support among young voters and the middle class. Seen by many as a cleaner and reform-minded candidate, his movement showed huge momentum during the last election. So, Peter Obi is present. Young people see Peter Obi as the most qualified and the most cleaner among all of them. At least, everybody is dirty, but at least they are some percentage of people. Their corruption is like 80 percent, some 20 percent, some 10 percent, some 2 percent. They see him as the most cleaner among those candidates or aspirants as of today. Now, Peter Obi has weakness. What is the weakness of Peter Obi? Why would Peter Obi not win the election? The weakness is his limited political structure nationwide compared with APC. You know, you are fighting or rather your opposition will not be APC if you win the ADC party ticket. So, he said limited political structure nationwide compared to APC. APC is enough that APC has political structure across the whole Nigeria. You understand? So, Peter Obi does not have this kind of political structure with APC. He said, again, he needs national alliance in order to win nationally. You know, when it comes to the issue of presidency, it has to do with the whole country. The other geopolitical zone, you have to gain their support as well, not just only in your region or rather in the south. You understand? So, they say he has this limited alliance in the Wodna. You know, he might not be the voter. He might be some political leader, some political carcass in the Wodna, in the northern region. Peter Obi is able to get those strong political leaders or carcass. Peter Obi will be able to have this Wodna, this strong Wodna advantage. Now, okay. So, analysis even argued that Peter Obi might have the best chance if the opposition unites BNN. So, Peter Obi's best chance is when the opposition unites BNN. That is Atiku, Erufai, Diameshi, Diakonpa. So, if they unite, if all these, even northerners and southerners leaders were able to unite for him, if they are able to unite, that is where Peter Obi's best chance will come from. And again, Peter Obi's best chance also comes when there is no political apathy. That is, if the youth show interest in the election. So, 2022 election, if Peter Obi wins, it depends on many factors. One, political apathy must not come into place. If people do not, if people show interest in the election, then it means that Peter Obi's chance of winning will be air. But if there is political apathy, people refuse to come, people refuse to participate in the election, then Peter Obi might not win the election. That is the fact that it is very easy to win the election when people show less interest in the Wodna, in the election. If a politician wants to win the election, the first thing they do is to make sure that there is political apathy. So, when there is apathy, it will be difficult for Peter Obi to win the election. So, now we go to Atikua Abubakar. See, Atikua Abubakar has experience on political network. Atikua Abubakar has contested multiple times and has deep political network across Nigeria. Strength, strong connection among political elites, established political structure machinery, strong influence in the northern region. Yes, Atikua has this strength. Atikua is very strong in the north. He has already established political machinery. Atikua Abubakar has a lot of people that he has brought up just like the way the current president is. Note that the current president has brought up a lot of governors, senators, ministers, commissioners, name it. You understand? The same thing with Atikua. So, the man has this machinery, he has influence in the northern region, he has strong connection among the political elite, which Peter Obi does not have. Especially, that strong connection among political elite, Peter Obi does not have that one. So, Atikua Abubakar has that feature. So, the weakness of Atikua Abubakar is many voters see him as part of old political establishment, meaning that the man has been there. So, many people just see him as one of those people that has been there before. Two, repeated presidential runs may reduce the excitement among younger voters. That was that political apartheid we are talking about. If there is political apartheid, you understand, he is not talking about election. And we are saying here that many voters might not have this excitement, nothing different, just as usual. So, you understand? So, that excitement will not be there, but of course, political apartheid. The other one here is that he will be 81 years old. And considering what Nigeria has gone through in the hands of old Sikh president, a lot of Nigeria will not be excited about his candidacy. That is to tell you that the ADC giving the ticket before 2027 or rather 2027, he will be 81 years old. So, the age as well. Age is a good thing, it is very good to get old, it is a normal thing. But they are saying that age will be a kind of a barrier, age is not on his side, you understand? However, he may be a major figure in opposition, coalition, talk for the next election. Now, let's go to Ruti Miyamichi. Ruti Miyamichi, the former governor of Riva state, former minister, former House of Representatives member. Miyamichi is known for being political talk and confrontational. Note that he has this political understanding, so he is not afraid. He has a strong reputation as a political strategist. He has deep experience as governor and minister. He has been fearless in political battles. He is fearless. He is not afraid politically. So now, let's go to his weakness. His weakness is less national popularity compared to Obi and Ateku. No doubt, he does not have this widespread popularity compared to Ateku and Obi. For example, if Ateku tells you that I'm leaving this party to another party, Ateku has some structure in different states that he can pick, and then you go with him. You understand? There are some candidates like that. Just like Peter Abi. Peter Abi said, I'm leaving this party, now I'm going to this party. You see a lot of people, Nigerians, thousands, millions will say, I'm leaving with Peter Abi to this party. That's a strong connection. Just like Kwaku Aso. Kwaku Aso is the kind of person that, if he decides to go to any political party, he will see supporters. He will be able to make me go anywhere. But if I mention today, say I'm leaving this party, there will not be this big DA, a party. You understand? So he does not have that political grassroot to mobilize. Not just only to mobilize, that political grassroot is not there. So that is it. And again, he said, but the best or rather the biggest challenge for opposition in 2027 presidential election is the biggest challenge for them in 2027 presidential election is this. And that is division. When the opposition are divided, then it is a walkover for the current president. The opposition currently lack unity. We strengthen the incumbent chances. No doubt. If they did not unite, forget about it. It will not work. For anybody to win this election, that person must what now? Must unite. They have to come together and support one candidate. In any primary election, that one person, now they emerge as candidate. Two people does not emerge as candidate. One as candidate, then might choose a running mate who will be the VP. So one person is going to emerge. Support will say, must be Bitaobi, must be Atiku, must be the... It's not done that way. Just one person. So if Nigerians want to really take the power from the current president, they need to know that this, it is just one person. And when that person win, other support. If Atiku win, everybody will be, everybody will support Atiku. If two people emerge as candidates, you know that that party is going nowhere. They are having crisis. If at the end of the day, they are not, you see a lot of Kansai Naimu, Sasa Naimu, you know say the party is gone. It's a kind of very easy walkover for the current president. So one thing they will fight against is political apartheid division. So no matter who wins, they should support. And a lot of, okay, I will also read this one for you guys. It's about the chance. It's about the only chance that can realistically challenge Tsunembu. It's a united opposition coalition, not divided one. In every party, there are weak aspirants that will be a strong candidate. And there will be a strong aspirant that will be a weak candidate. Yes, that is what I think. They are strong aspirants. They can win any party primary election, but they are not a strong candidate. Let's say they win the primary election, the opposition will say that one is nobody. But there are some people, they are weak aspirants. To win party election is not a problem, but if they win, the opposition will be afraid of them. There are some people like that. So there are some people that are strong aspirants. They are also strong candidates. But what they must fight against is division and political apartheid. There is apartheid in 2027 presidential election. There is no way. So analysis here also indicates that the best chance to remove the current president is that all other strong supporters, all other strong opposition leaders, like Atiku, Erufair, Ameshi, all give their support to Peter Mbi. That is the only way it will be easy for them. So I'm saying that different people are just bringing their whatnot, what they think about the 2027 presidential election. So I'm even saying that to win the election, they have to give it to Atiku. I'm believing that Atiku Agbaka is a northerner and I swear that Atiku Agbaka is a former vice presidential candidate and he's also tough like them. So some of them are saying that it will be as well. They are talking about weakness here, he's weak. But anyway, that's that for that. So guys, 2027 presidential election is already at the end here. This is just 2026, 2027 presidential election is already at our third step here. So guys, who is winning? Who do you think can unseat the current president? As for me, I don't know, but I can actually give more political analysis and I will be doing that as time goes on. As of today, what we are seeing is Obi and Atiku at the top here in our list. So as time goes on, we'll keep bringing out some analysis that will be able to unseat the current president. Thank you guys. Please follow and like, follow as I give more political updates. Thank you.