But right now, it's pretty much hovering around this 4%. And that's the average. Now, when you start looking at some of the individual pollsters, you see here this YouGov poll conducted between 3.6 and 3.9, showing Democrats at 45, Republicans at 42. The spread there is a plus 3. Morning Consult, this is conducted between 3.6 and 3.8. It's showing Democrats at 47, Republicans at 43. The spread there is 4. And then Signal, this is conducted between 3.3 and 3.4. You have Democrats at 49, Republicans at 45. And the spread there is plus 4. And we'll do two more here. PBS, conducted between 3.2 and 3.4, showing Democrats at 53, Republicans at 44. The spread there is plus 9. And then NBC News, conducted between 2.27 and 3.3, showing Democrats at 50, Republicans at 44. The spread there is plus 6. And then the next one here, RMP Research, is showing a tie. And then when you move down, you see the Democrats are pretty much dominating. You have a couple of ties in here. But the vast majority of what you're seeing is Democrats at plus 6, plus 5, plus 8, plus 2, plus 9. So Democrats have an advantage when it comes to the generic ballot. And so why are we seeing this shift? Why do Democrats now have a 50% chance of taking back the Senate? Well, the reason for that is if we look at the map, it shows us. It shows us a clear pathway that Democrats have to take back control of the Senate. So right now, the numbers, Democrats and independents are at 47, Republicans are at 53. Now right now, looking at the map, Republicans have an advantage because they have less states that are really at risk. But if Democrats are able to win in some of these states, which that's why we're seeing this shift, because now we're looking at some of these states and saying, you know what? Democrats do have a chance in Texas. They do have a chance in North Carolina, in Maine, in Alaska, in Ohio. We're starting to see the candidates that are going to be in these different states. And now we're seeing that Democrats do have a shot. And when we start looking.