So what they did, searching your house, gave you the right to do everything you could. Under the circumstance that I got freedom of speech, after they run around my house with guns and kick down my door, I got the right to kick a can in my backyard, use my freedom of speech, turn my bad times into a good time. Yes, I do. And I think I'm a sport for doing so. Because I don't go to their house, kick down their doors, flip them off on their surveillance cameras, then try to play the victim and sue them. You were at Lisa Phillips's deposition, correct? Yes, sir. In your lawyer's office? Yes, sir. Same office where you filmed part of that video last Friday? Yes, sir. And you saw how upset she was when she was answering your lawyer's questions about how this had affected her, right? Yes, yes. And you saw your attorney say, do we need to take a break? Yes. And you saw her say, no, let's go on and get this over with. Yes, sir. You saw all that? Yes. You knew she was upset? Just like she knew I was upset when she was standing in front of my kids with an AR-15, with her hand around the trigger ready to shoot me. Just like she knew I was upset when she cut my cameras. But I'm not a person, she is. So I'm sorry for being a victim. Let's talk about the predators. OK. So you saw all that. You saw how upset she was. You heard the testimony about her children. You heard the testimony at the depositions about Randy Newland's daughter who came home upset. You heard all that, but you're still posting stuff about it. Yeah, because I understand it was Randy's fault and all of their fault for coming in my house in the first place. So if they hadn't have came to my house, their children wouldn't be saying nothing. None of this would be going home if they did their research and did things right. So all of this is their fault. And now they want to sue me for their mistake. Is there anything that could change your mind about what you're doing to these deputies? Is there anything that can change my mind about the fact that they shouldn't have been at my house in the first place? Is there anything that can change my mind about how my money shouldn't have been touched in the first place? No. That's all the questions I have. Thank you. You're welcome.