FPL Managers, if your team looks like mine with loads of players blanking this week, then this is the only video you need to watch around chip strategy and especially the free hit chip. So make sure to drop me a follow if you are still playing FPL and want to get the best rank possible with the upcoming blank and double game weeks. But this is the main reason that I think it's quite a big mistake to use your free hit in game week 31. So shout out to Dan, FPL mate for putting together this calendar of the FPL blanks and doubles. So basically game week 31 is here with 4 teams blank and that is Arsenal, Man City, Crystal Palace and Wolves. Most likely Man City and Crystal Palace will blank in game week 31. But if we look here, game week 33 is going to be a massive double game week and 34 is going to be a massive blank game week for those doubling teams. So you're most likely going to want to either free hit in one of these two game weeks to make sure that you have the team or the correct team for the other one. And that's why I think it's a mistake to free hit in game week 31 but if you have already pressed the button then here's the best team that I would be looking at if I was in your position. First of all go with the goalkeepers, Leno looks like a brilliant pick and Darlow's a great cheap enabler. You're not going to need him, Leno will be your keeper. Then in the back line, doubling up on the Fulham team, they have a brilliant fixture against Burnley at home, Virgil van Dijk, yes Liverpool look quite shaky at the moment but he's always good for defensive contributions and has a decent game. Thiao and Hall make a double up on that Sunderland derby and then Konca, again a cheap enabler. And then Gordon, an underrated asset for this week, Sunderland at home is going to be a big game, probably quite high scoring and Gordon has been in decent form recently. Wilson, the best player for Fulham, playing against the worst team in the league, so obviously in the team. Bruno Fernandes, a very consistent player and probably the best captain for this week. Florian Wurz, I can't bring myself to buy Salah after his benching and he's absolutely atrocious form. So Wurz comes in and then Cole Palmer as that fairly expensive asset. Also a decent captaincy option but just a very solid player in general on penalties for that Chelsea team. And then finishing off the team we've got Eker TK, again he's been probably one of Liverpool's best players so far this season so he's in the team. João Pedro, just because you have the money for him, yes it's not a perfect fixture but he's still a great asset and then Thiago against Leeds is a brilliant pick for this week. So let me know down in the comments what your current chip strategy is for game week 31 and 33 and 34.