There's a sort of phrase that Trump used with Zelensky that you can almost play back to Trump now, and that is, Donald Trump, you've got no cards. The Strait of Hormuz is effectively blocked. If Donald Trump wants to unblock it, it's not going to take a few ships from Denmark or the UK or France. It's going to take ground troops that are going to be needed to go there in their thousands. What a trap is being set for Donald Trump, and he's got no other way out of this now. He either surrenders and allows the Strait of Hormuz to remain shut, in which case this is an epic fail and the regime is in place, or you put thousands of marines on the ground, you put swift boats into the Strait of Hormuz and it becomes a shooting fight. And that is something that Donald Trump has wanted to avoid. And I thought there was kind of one other bit about, you know, is Donald Trump mad, deluded? He said in this rambling news conference about that he'd spoken to the previous presidents, and one of them said to me, oh yeah, we wish we'd met. I spoke to one of the former presidents, who I actually like, actually speak to some, I do like some people, it'd be shocking. And he said, I wish I did what you did. Trump is the 47th president. Joe Biden is the 46th. He denies having any part and having had any conversation. Barack Obama was the 44th. He also denies having any conversation. Not a big fan of war. No, not a big fan of war. Not a big fan of Trump. Yeah. And then you've got the 43rd president, George W. Bush, and he says he's had no conversation. And Bill Clinton as well, also denied it. Do we think it might be Abraham Lincoln? Trump asked the 45th president of the United States who was... Well, I asked myself. I wish you'd done it. I suppose he could have wished he'd done it in the past. But maybe this is just a sort of net result, or the natural end point of living in fantasy land, which he does so often about so many things. You know, that 99% of the time, because of the kind of polarisation of American politics, and because a good proportion of the American electorate will, or certainly the bagger base anyway, will believe whatever confected nonsense he may well believe to exist. But there are still some times, right, where confection and imagination doesn't win the day. And the Straits of Hormuz, to go back to your point, John, is either open or it's not. The oil price is either rising or it's not. He has set a trap against himself, because the natural logic of this war now, it seems to me, is either regime change or bust. They have shown to the entire world that when push comes to shove, even though, yes, their military capabilities have been severely, severely degraded, even though, yes, thousands and thousands and thousands of rockets have poured down upon them, they've survived it. And when push comes to shove, they can unleash economic warfare on the world.