Sell everything. That's how today felt. Equities were down about 1.5%, gold was down over 3%, down under 4900 an ounce and below its 50-day moving average, the silver price is down to $75 an ounce, bitcoin lost 5%, down to $71,000. Why? All had to do with oil and interest rates. Let me take you through the story of today. We wake up and the futures were actually pretty strong. We were trying to continue our little bit of a comeback. The Dow was pointed up 100 points. Then we get an announcement that the military attacks continue in Iran and they're targeting specific oil and gas infrastructure. On that news, Brent crude starts to creep up. We're over $100 a barrel. Equities start to sell off slightly. Then at 8.30 we get PPI, Producer Price Index. This is a wholesale indicator of where sales prices are on goods and services. It comes in incredibly hot. We're up 3.4% year over year on prices. Now that is much higher than what was expected, 2.9%, which would have been in line with last month. So individually, without any impact of the Iranian attacks on oil, we have high inflation. So when we open up in the markets, we're already down. We're already down about 3 quarters of a percent. And then we roll around to 2 o'clock. Federal Chair Jay Powell comes out. He says that we do not have any rate cuts or any rate movement. That was widely expected. However, it seems like the committee was quite aligned. 11 to 1 vote to keep rates the same. In addition, seven of those members see rates staying unchanged throughout the year. So even a hope for one rate cut seems to be diminished. So on that news, the 10-year Treasury continues to rise. Today it rose about 10 basis points alone, ending at 4.27%. Then Brent Crude continued to go higher, ending at $108 a barrel. So with both of those forces, we had continued selling in equities and any other alternative asset. And that's why we ended down so low today. That said, we did have a few bright spots. Macy's, Five and Below, and Lululemon all higher. Now, even though they're on the retail side, these are all sort of turnaround stories and seem to be doing relatively well. We just got Micron earnings, and they were a total blowout. For last quarter, they had about $24 billion in revenue. That was over the $20 billion that was expected. And earnings per share were a great blowout. As I mentioned, they're expecting $33 billion in revenue for next quarter. That would be a tripling of their business, and they're working on ways to add capacity. Now, on the news, the stock is actually down slightly, but I think that's just because Micron ended up today, which is one of the few stocks that was. And even with that, it might all reverse tomorrow. Now, let's see where we end up. There's a lot going on, but today was a real reset, maybe one that was needed.