Can all of you see why I genuinely fear an Arsenal quadruple? Can you see why I actually fear that there's a strong possibility Arsenal will win this quadruple this season? Because they play all their second-leg knockout games in the Champions League at home! At the Emirates! They've only lost one game to Manchester United there this season. 23 games played! For crying out loud! Look at this game versus Leverkusen today. Look at how they handle Leverkusen like small boys. It's not a competition. Leverkusen tried though. But Arsenal was just better. And they don't need corner-kicks! Don't deceive yourself. Do not delude yourselves. Look at the goal that Eze scored today. Look at the goal Rai scored. Oh my goodness. Honestly, I know Eze's goal looked better. But I feel that that Rai's goal requires a higher technical level. In the sense that Eze's goal, he just smashed it well, right? Very good strike. But that Rai's goal. The guy controlled the ball, then took it then. In one strike, he did not stop for any moment. He placed it from outside the box. Oh my God. See, Rai turns up in knockout fixtures. Rai shows up in knockout fixtures. And look at Sporting CP. Yes, they did amazing stuff against Borough of Glimtang to be tough. But you still want to face Sporting CP rather than any other team in the current Champions League. Arsenal right now is the one saving the face of the Premier League. And they are a scary team. They are incredibly strong. They are mature. When you watch them play in the Champions League, they are mature. And when it is time for individual brilliance, you look at a player like Raya. Raya makes so many clutch saves in all games. Every single game I watch, he makes at least one unbelievable save. Every single game. So this team looks so complete. And you look at all the stats. Everything in Sporting Arsenal might win the Champions League. They have the highest chance right now in polymarket of winning the Champions League. 28%. I'm scared that FOMO is doing me like I'm missing out on a generational investment. If you want to partake, go to polymarket.com right now and register with the promo code ADIKA. And use polymarket.com. And you see so many other options there. I don't know, man. I just hope this does not happen because... Ha! God. I cannot survive life like this, bro. Arsenal called you football. I will run away from the earth. The Premier League is all but concluded. It's all but concluded. Look at this Man City team. They still lost to Real Madrid today. Is it this Man City team that will stop them? They cannot stop them from winning the Premier League. They cannot stop them from winning the Champions League, obviously, too. They're out of the Champions League. You look at Arsenal in the Champions League. Today, they could even take off players. As at the 68th minute, Zoubimendi could come off. Eze could come off. Trossard could come off. They could bring players off the bench. They could rest players ahead of their League Cup final fixture against Manchester City on the weekend. So I fear the possibility it can happen. Wake yourselves up to the reality.