This here is Rabbi Baruch Rosenblum, a leading rabbi, well-accepted throughout all of Israel. Let's hear what he has to say. God willing, Rosh Chodesh is this Thursday. There's going to be an announcement. What's going to be the announcement? It's going to say, the radio is going to blast out, saying, Kol Yisrael, from Jerusalem. In five minutes, you're going to hear a warning. The Mashiach has arrived. Chodesh hazeh lachem, Rosh Chodeshim Rishon. Why do I think it's going to be on this Thursday? Because it says that the first chodesh, the first month, is Nisan. For all the year. When will Mashiach come, our rabbis teach us? It's going to come on the first day of Nisan, this Thursday. Rishon hu lachem lachot shei hashana. HaMashiach ya'amod barosh, shei ne'emach, kivosh katuv hapasuk. Mashiach will come, as it says in the verse. Why does he come on the first day of this month? To remove the head of Amalek on this Thursday. What do we have to finish? What part of the war do we still need to finish until we get to Rosh Chodesh Nisan? To remove the head of Amalek. Who is this? Chaminai, number one. Chaminai, number two. Chaminai, number three. Tachukai, number four. Tachukai, number five. Anything, any name that finishes with the E at the end. We have to finish them off. All the leaders of our enemies need to be finished off by this Thursday. He's joking, he says, I called Trump and I told him, you got to finish the job by this Thursday. He says, God willing, you'll bring a B-2 bomber, you have enough of them, and you'll finish the whole thing. We'll finish it one, two, three. And this will awaken, God will awaken our forefathers. Like it says from the tips of the mountains and from the valleys, I will praise you. That means that on the first day of Nisan, there'll be amazing things that will happen. God willing, this Rosh Chodesh, this Thursday, there'll be news. What'll be the news? Kol Yisrael from Jerusalem. In another five minutes, we're going to hear a warning. The Mashiach has arrived. New warnings? What? New warnings in the first place. If they say there'll be a warning... To tell you that there'll be special things, amazing things happen. If I were to tell you that there was a sound, a siren that was heard... To enter the safe room, that's not news. To tell you to go into the safe room, that's not news. That's already old news, everybody knows that. Thank you. To make a complete protection around ourselves, that we know how to do. We know how to do. This is to awaken the redemption on the first of the first. To bring the offerings that are in Ezekiel 46, that we bring for the Malkh HaMashiach.