have predictions changed about whether or not Democrats can take back Congress. Yeah, okay. So, you know, look, we've been talking about the House and pretty much every historical market, all the prediction markets, all the polling indicates that the Democrats are in the catbird seat when it comes back to taking back the House. But how about combining it with the United States Senate? That is taking back the whole enchilada, taking back all of Congress. And what we see is the Democrats' chance of doing that has been rising, rising, rising on a stairway to heaven, my dear friend. And what we see there is that Democrats at this particular point have been increasing those odds. It's not yet at 50 percent, but it is clearly rising. And that is something I think is quite shocking, because a lot of folks like myself thought Democrats would take back the House. But the idea of taking back the Senate as well, well, that is a pretty big deal. And so that is what we're seeing today. Now, this could change. It could change in favor of Republicans. It could change more in favor of Democrats. We could see some of these other states that show, you know, in Montana, we don't know exactly what's going to happen there. They have an independent that's going to be running. We now have an open seat because the current senator has decided that he is going to retire. And so we have other states. We have Nebraska. We don't know what's going to happen with the independent in Nebraska. Iowa, we still don't know what's going on in Iowa. We'll have to see how that develops. That's going to be an open seat as well. And so there's some other states. South Carolina is another state. You have Lindsey Graham doubling down, tripling down on this war in Iran. We don't know what's going to happen in that situation as well. And so there's still some races where we can see some changing in the future. But now looking at our current map, we're seeing Democrats moving into position that they could potentially take the Senate. So I want to know what you guys think. Do you think Democrats have a chance of taking back the Senate in 2026? Let me know in the comments below. If you like this video, please give me a thumbs up. Please subscribe for more. And remember, stay informed, stay engaged, and I'll talk to you in the next one. Bye. So that's all we have for this video. Make sure if you guys want to send me an email, you can do that. David at the TEC show dot com. Like the video, subscribe for more and check out these videos over here for some more great content. Talk to you later. Bye.