Before I say anything about this Liverpool game, there is a very important issue I must address right now. There is a nasty agenda going around that Liverpool defender Ibrahima Konate targeted Osimene and purposely injured him because Liverpool knew that they could not defeat Galatasaray with Osimene on the pitch. That even other Liverpool players targeted Osimene because he is the main threat and he had no chance against Galatasaray at Anfield. Forget all the nonsense I say about Annie Slott, about Liverpool. Do you actually believe that? I don't understand. I will not stand for this. I will not sit for this. I will not have my club being painted as malicious or going through evil routes to win a football match. That has never been Liverpool football club. I didn't even start supporting Liverpool for football reasons. It is because this club is like a family. Liverpool will be losing 10 games in a row and still be clapping for the manager. And you think that we will go through malicious routes to win a game of football? What are you saying here? To overturn a 1-0 deficit against Galatasaray at Anfield, I need to cheat? Is that what you are trying to tell me? I am sorry for Victor Osimene. I feel bad that he got injured that way. But it is football. It is a contact sport. It is physical for crying out loud. Lionel Messi, the greatest of all time, had a 3-0 lead with Bram Bassa. They came to Anfield. I did not have Salah. I did not have Firmino. I pumped them 4-0. Did I enjoy Messi? Didn't Messi play 90 minutes? I did not need to enjoy the greatest of all time to pull off one of the greatest ever comebacks we have seen. I pulled off a comeback with a midfielder, had one of the games of his life. What I am now doing? And now you are telling me I cannot beat Galatasaray at Anfield with Victor Osimene on the pitch? I don't want to talk too much about this issue because it will lead to me disrespecting Victor Osimene. A striker that I respect so much. That I have heard is one of the best in Europe. That I have heard is one of the best in the world. Top 5. He is a threat. I fear him. But do not forget all the other games we have played was at Galatasaray's home ground. Which has proven to be a problem. When did they lose a knockout game at their home ground? 19-something. This is Liverpool Football Club. Please, do not disrespect me. I mean, do not disrespect me. My club did not win 6 Champions League trophies by chance or by cheating to win. Please, let us stop this nonsense agenda. It is very annoying to think that a club of Liverpool's calibre will go through that route to win a game. Stop that nonsense, please. Anyways, PSG. Very important issue to you two. Let me address you two. Go and shave. PSG, start shaving because I am starting to believe. Although Liverpool has just an 8% chance of winning the Champions League on Bowling Market this season. Or more, I might invest too. Go to bowlingmarket.com right now and use the promo code ADIKAYEFYUN to invest also. Because this might be like Bitcoin in 2026. We might be going to the moon. Forget about the Premier League. Forget about all those other things. Liverpool now, we are focused on winning this next Champions League. Bookmark this post. Save this post today. Save on. You think all these Premier League things are easy? Go and check it. Outgoing Premier League Champion and Incoming Premier League Champion. Now, two of us win this weekend. Liverpool 5-1 aggregate. I mean 4-1 aggregate. We save the face of the Premier League. Right now, I am a Messiah to all of you. You should worship me. You should thank me for saving you from shame. You