Hi there, everybody. This is Dr. Peterson. You know who this is. All right, so we're back on. All right, I'm over here at the cereal aisle and I am at Harris Teeter. As you can see right now, as you look down, look at the different cereals basically that are on display. They are basically for, they're basically on sale. I mean, you know, if you like your Rice Krispies, the knockoff brand, you got your two for $5. You know, you got your, you know, if your children, you know, or yourself, even like the rainbow, the rainbow O's, you know, you got the cereal, the two for $5. So basically they have some of the cereal basically that is the buy one, the buy one get one free. That's the Fruit Loop Marshmallow. So if you like that, I mean, you know, to bring out the kid in you. So basically, you know, they got those that are on sale. So again, I am over here in the cereal aisle. This is at Harris Teeter. I don't know. It says right here that the price is good through the 24th of March, 2026. So this is pretty much the place you need to be. All right, they got the pretty good deals, you know, on the Cheerios. I mean, if you like those and whatnot, this is what, you know, you need to go ahead and jump on it. The Honey Nut, the Old Clusters Crunch with almonds, you know, those are the off brands, but the two for five bucks. So, you know, you want to jump on that, things like that. So basically for the most part, all the good cereal basically is on sale. And this is really, really what you want to come and you want to get. All right. So moving through the store, and then we'll grab a few things, you know, for me and my family. And as we go through, you know, we're going to keep on moving forward through the supermarket. I mean, you know, if you like that Gatorade, Powerade, whatnot, they definitely have that on sale. So like this Powerade right here is buy two, get three free. That is just, what's the date on that? That's three to 11th. I mean, oh, there it is. There it is. Okay. So they got this good through the 20, sorry, it's good through the 24th, 2026 of March. So that's something that you know, you do want to jump on. If you're a tea person, I mean, you know, they got some good teas. And oh, and by the way, this is the one that's in Winston-Salem. So, you know, I don't know where you're located, but it should be, you know, at your location, at your geographical location. Then, you know, you got the bars, you know, and then you got the food, Little Fruit, the Welch's, you know, brands basically for the babies and kids and things like that. School supplies of course. Right. So let me go back to get on this basically, you know, find the things that I'm, that I actually come for. But I do want to let you know, basically, like I said, this is at the Harris Teeter that is in Winston-Salem. So this is basically for the most part where you would want to come to, or you will want to come to one that is just like it. All right, let's go ahead and let's break it down. And you know, start looking at, let's see, let's look at some milk. You know, if you're a person that basically, you know, you like that, uh, like Califia, Califia farms, coconut milk and almond milk. I mean, that's really, really good for you. That's two for $7 again. Okay. Good through the 17th, 27. So 22,000, 2026. So basically that's already passed today basically is the last day for that, you know, for the most part. All right. So we're going to keep on moving on down, you know, and you know, they got some more sales, you know, you know, there's that coffee creamer, you know, the, uh, the, uh, the cowboy, you got that. I mean, you know, that's something good for you to jump on, uh, the cabani, you know, you jump on that. That's of course that's, well, it was good through 26, 17. They need to come change the prices and come change these, uh, the dates on these things. All right. So here we go. All right. You know, if you're orange juice lover, all right. For the orange juice lovers that are, that are on, I mean, you know, they have the orange juice, they have there's that light. I mean, you know, if you like the lights two for $8, so you got that for the most part. All right. If you like the cranberry cocktail juice, that's on two to four 99, you save a dollar, uh, you know, on, and, and, you know, I want to also, you know, let you know that basically you can get these good deals, especially if, if you are actually get these good deals, especially if you are putting in your phone number, whenever you are at there here at Harris theater. So just make sure that you are actually doing that. All right. You know, um, yogurt for my, uh, you know, my cottage cheese people. All right. You know, there you are. You're the cottage doubles are for your $4, $4, $5. Uh, so you, you got that. So that's a pretty good deal as well. All right. For the babies that you go to buy one, get one free to go, to go, you got anything that's something that, you know, you do take pleasure in, um, um, therefore, all right. Then we got the weed. You got the who we, you got the, you know, you got that. So that's really, really good for you to raise two to a two for $9. That might be something that you are really, really, you know, concerned about and things, uh, things of that nature. I mean, you know, they, they, they got the sales on, they got the sales on. All right. I'm doing the fifth year round. Okay. We got water on this side over here. You know, they got the water, you know, um, like I said, again, I am letting you know that I am at the one that is in Winston Salem. So basically, you know, and I'm sure that these deals probably are at all of them, but probably mainly here at Winston Salem. All right. I'm going to flip you around real quick. All right. So we're over here and we're looking at the, um, the triple zero, right? So you got your yogurt, uh, you know, um, I'm not going to even put out gender out there. I'm just going, I'm going to put you in that. I'm going to just say, basically they have it all. So if this is something that you're concerned with and that you really, really love to do, go for it. I mean, Hey, go for it. You know, things of that nature. Amen. You know, and I know that, um, you know, I, I, you know, that that's really, really good. You know, yogurt, you know, according to medical research is, is good, you know, for the, for the stomach. And it helps you basically to, you know, make those good bowel movements that you need to make it. It was good for your digestion. All right. Passing through the beer aisle. All right. Not, not going to mess with that too much. Don't come on by because I'm not going to mess with that too much. But for you that do drink the things that nature, they do have it on sale. I mean, you know, eight days to a 99 things like that. I mean, they got it here. So, you know, come on and get it. Come on and get it. All right. Let's move on. Let's move on. Let's move on. Let's move on. All right. The next out that we're going to is the ice cream out. Now I know that many of you that are out there and I know you, you actually watching you like ice cream. So let me go ahead and swing around over to the ice cream hour real quick. And I'll take you over to, Oh, you know what? Before we go over there, let's go to the ego. So basically here we go. We're looking at the ego. They got the egos that are on sale. I mean, it's very, very important that you go ahead and pick up those egos. There you go. Okay. So that date is still pretty good. It's two for $6 and the expires basically on the 24th, um, 2026 of March. Ooh, you got the strew, the toaster shooter. There you go. You got that too. So you might want to jump on that too. I mean, that's easy for you just to put it together and able to, you know, get what you need basically, especially for the babies, whenever you are, or even for yourself, whenever you are moving towards, you know, going to, uh, you want to work early in the morning or you're, you just want something quick to eat. Okay. Let's get with this ice cream. I got the Mayfield ice cream, buy one, get one free. All right. There you go. Matter of fact, I need to grab some of that myself. But anyway, you got a basically that, that is buy one, get one free. Uh, let me go ahead and grab me two of those right now. Wow. They got the different flavors and that moose tracks. Oh my God. Not the moose. God, not the moose tracks. The moose tracks. Oh my God. Ooh. I mean, that is that, that do you good. Especially that brownie. Oh Lord, have mercy. Jesus help me. Oh, they got the Ben and Jerry's. So they got the Ben and Jerry's, the different ones. They got to buy one, get one free. You might want to go ahead and jump on it. Do not hold yourself back from that. Go ahead and get it while you have a chance. All right. Now I told you, we're going to continue to move on over to the ice cream. So let's go on over. Let's push on over to the other side over here. All right. They do have ice cream over here. They have the different brands over here. You know, this is something that you might, you know, that you might want to look at that stuff. I wouldn't get one free, you know, so basically, you know, go ahead and grab that. Now let me tell you, go ahead and put out here. Like one of my favorites. Okay. Now what my favorites is that's a link. I'm going to put a little weight on you, but I'm telling you, if you are a talented person, I'm a talented person. I'm telling you in a bit, it'll rock your world. I promise you to lift you would definitely rock your world. And listen, check this out. David got a new one. It is that chocolate hazel crunch. Oh my God. Oh, I thought I will. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, that, that, that right there. Oh yes, sir. That made, that brings joy to my soul. And listen, I don't believe in playing with the Lord, but that just really, really made me so happy right there. Oh my God. Hallelujah. Right there. That'll make you, Oh Jesus. That, that, that'll, that'll do something for you right there. That right there. That would really, really do something for you right there. Look, look at, look at those brands that would do something for you right there. Oh God, there's a three, the 300, the 290, the 360, the 330. That's what I'm talking about. That's what you want in your life. All right. All right. Let's go a little bit of other ice cream. It's the same thing. Come on, you know, come, come on in together while you got a chance. Um, I don't know if you know, if any of you, I see, let me tell you now, this is what I do know. That Mayfield, that Mayfield, um, that Mayfield brand of ice cream. That is the ice cream that you want in your life. You want that in your life. I'm telling you, that is some good ice cream. The Mayfield as well as the Turkey Hill. When you get the Turkey, anytime you see the Turkey Hill that is on sale, you want to bring that, you want to bring that to your Hill. In other words, bring it to your house. That's what you want in your life. And I'm telling you, and look, and I'm telling you, and I'm telling you, and when you're eating, you can tell, that's something for you to tell God, thank you for. All right. Listen, I'm going to go ahead and end this video because I need to do a little bit of shopping here at the supermarket, but I just wanted to let you guys know about this, you know, about some of the sales that are available. And, um, you know what, when you get a chance, Hey, come to the supermarket and, and, uh, go ahead and stock up. All right. I talk to you later.