possible ballot fraud caught on camera after a viral video appears to show people in San Francisco being paid cash to sign campaign petitions with fake names. Senior national correspondent William LaJunesse is reporting out of LA on that for us. Hi, William. Hey, Sandra. You know, what I'm about to show you is one reason people don't trust the election system. Long line, mostly homeless, getting five bucks to sign election petitions. Not only is that illegal, they're also being asked to commit fraud by impersonating other voters hundreds of miles away. Hey, what's the line for? Sign a petition. Shut up. Don't say nothing to me. You get 25 bucks to sign a petition. You get 25 bucks? Five bucks. Five bucks. Okay. So the guy who shot this says hundreds signed these petitions. No one reportedly asked for an ID, nor were they told what they were signing. I get five dollars soon? Yeah. And what is it? Just sign it. Just sign it? Yeah. You ready, ma'am? First name is going to be Carol. Last name is... Yeah, that was the name of an 81-year-old woman living elsewhere. So under California law, the state says it's illegal to give money or other consideration or exchange for an initiative petition. It's also a crime to circulate any petition known to include forged names. In this case, they wanted signatures for two upcoming measures, one fighting a billionaire tax, the other pension reform. Signature gatherers can get paid. That's pretty standard practice, but when you start paying individual people for their signatures, especially people who are down and out in their luck, that borders lying on criminal, in my opinion. So now campaigns pay about 15 bucks for every signature, so when you do the math here, they're clearing about 25 bucks for every person, Sandra. Now initiative spokesman says these circulators or subcontractors are not employees. They demand that these signatures now be rejected. No word on prosecution. Back to you. All right. Wow. William LaJunasse on that for us. Crazy.