What's going on everyone, welcome back to the show. So we have some big news when it comes to the Senate map. So we're gonna take a look at the prediction market. We're also gonna take a look at the map itself. We're now seeing Democrats have a 50% chance of taking back control of the Senate. Now just a few months ago, this is not something that we would even be talking about. And I was telling you, back then it's like a Hail Mary for Democrats to take back control of the Senate. But now it's looking more and more like Democrats have a real shot at taking back control of the Senate. And so first we're gonna take a look at the prediction market. Then we're gonna take a look at the generic congressional polling. And then I'm gonna show you the Senate map and I'll show you the pathway that Democrats have to take back control of the Senate. So we're gonna do all that in this video. But first off, you guys can do me a favor. Please like the video. If you're watching this video and you wanna see more content like this, please consider subscribing to the channel. So the first thing we're gonna take a look at is CalShoe. We're looking at the prediction market. And you see here, now this is fluid, this is gonna change. But as of doing this video, we have Democratic Party 51% chance, Republican Party 49% chance. And this is to take back the Senate. Okay, which party will win the U.S. Senate? Now when we look at the House, it's even better for Democrats. You have Democratic Party at 85%, Republican Party at 15%. And so we're seeing a big shift with Democrats having the opportunity now to take back the Senate. So not just take back the House, but take back the Senate as well. Let's take a look at the generic congressional ballot. And now looking at the generic congressional vote, we see RealClearPolitics, that's what we're using here. If we zoom in just a little bit closer here, you can see in yellow. This yellow signifies the average. Okay, so this is the RealClearPolitics average. And it's showing a plus 4.7. Now it's been around, it's staying around 4%, and we're seeing it 4.3%, it'll jump up to 4.7%. We haven't really seen it hit 5% and go higher than that.