Well, Trump tried to take this small Iranian island. This is Hark Island, an outpost just 60 miles off the coast of Iran. 90% of the country's crude oil exports pass through it. On March 13th, American strikes hit military targets on the island. President Trump described the strike as one of the most powerful bombing raids in the history of the Middle East. Hark Island's oil sites, however, have not been hit. Instead, America is hoping to hold the island hostage and use it to press Iran to reopen the Strait of Hormuz. That isn't working so far, leading to speculation that America may try to take the island by force. At the same time as the strike, reports emerged that America was sending a rapid response unit of about 2,500 Marines and sailors to the Middle East. America could probably seize the island militarily, but holding onto the territory could prove harder as Hark Island is within easy range of Iranian drones. And as Iran continues to strike America's allies in the Gulf, Trump could choose to target Hark Island's oil infrastructure. But that could force more of a response from China, which buys most of Iran's oil exports. Across Asia, the energy crisis is already beginning to bite. To cope with fuel shortages, a number of governments have cut back on air conditioning in their offices and switched to four-day work weeks for civil servants. A strike on Hark Island's oil facilities could reduce supply even further and lead to higher prices around the world. But taking the island could fulfill a long-term fixation of Trump's. In 1988, at the end of the Iran-Iraq war, he told an interviewer that if he were president, one bullet shot at one of our men or ships and I'd do a number on Hark Island, I'd go in and take it. Decades later, Trump may be on the brink of fulfilling this ambition. But putting American boots on the ground would escalate the conflict. Trump's stated war aims have been confused and contradictory. Escalation now would wreak even more havoc across the region and beyond.