Today we are kicking off an extended debate on the Save America Act, a package of common sense measures united around two themes, protecting our elections and protecting our youth. You're going to hear me use the adjective common sense a lot in this debate, Mr. President, because if there's any word that is suitable to describe the measures we're considering, it's that. Mr. President, if there's anything essential to the integrity of elections, it's ensuring that those who are registered to vote are eligible to vote and that those who show up to vote at polling places are those who they say they are. And how do you do that? Well by requiring that Americans show proof of citizenship when they register to vote and that they show photo ID at polling places. That's what the Save America Act would do. It's just common sense. And polls show that the American people overwhelmingly agree. But to hear Democrats talk, you'd think that demonstrating citizenship or showing a photo ID is an intolerable burden. And yet, Mr. President, I haven't heard Democrats complaining about the thousand other circumstances in which we require photo ID in this country. Well, let's hit pause on that topic for a minute and go to another issue where common sense and the Democrat Party have parted ways. And that's on the subject of transgender ideology. In their haste to embrace medical transgender ideology, Democrats have put themselves in the absurd position of supporting the hijacking of women and girls sports by biological males. Yep, that's right. The party that would portray itself as a defender of women has put itself on the record as willing to sacrifice women's athletic opportunities for the sake of biological males. Now, Mr. President, no one should need an explanation of what the presence of biological males in women's sports costs women. At the most basic level, women are losing out on a slot on the team. Every roster place that goes to a male is a roster place that doesn't go to a female. And for women who are on the roster, well, the presence of a biological male can and frequently does rob them of opportunities to excel. Biologically, men possess physical advantages when it comes to sports, things like greater muscle mass and greater aerobic power, which means that, by and large, men are likely to dominate in women's sports, taking wins and medal opportunities away from women.