I'm not going to visit the communities that have been forgotten. We will never stop advocating for the things that are right, because we are a team of patriots. We believe in values. We believe in Australian values. We believe in putting Australia first, and in this case, we want to put South Australians first. That is my promise. And I'm delighted that I won't be alone in the Parliament to do so. And I'm delighted that there's so many of you who are going to be joining us on this journey, because this movement is your movement. It is a voice. It is a movement for all South Australians. You believe. We believe in you. We believe in the innate decency of people in this state. It's about time the uni party recognised that people now have a voice, and we are fighting back. I've never enjoyed that chant so much as I have tonight. Friends, this is all about you. It's not about us on the stage. It is all about you. It is all about South Australians. And whilst I congratulate the Premier, and I have spoken to him earlier tonight to wish him well, and I hope he does the right thing for all South Australians, if he doesn't, if he doesn't, I promise you we will make him listen to your voice. We will make him listen to you, and we will make the red party and the blue party, the uni party, take notice that the orange wave is here to stay. So friends, we're here for you, and it is my greatest honour to say let's give thanks and welcome the lady who has made it all possible, Senator Pauline Hanson. Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, she's one of her own. You bet I am, mate, I am one of her own. Yeah, by all means, I love you too. That's why I've never given up, and I say to people, stand your ground. You have a right to have an opinion. We are Australians. Be proud of it. Stand tall and strong. You know, I feel so many things that are going through me tonight. The last time I saw a crowd like this was when we won 11 seats in Queensland in 1998, and 1998, that's how long ago it was. I think the rest of Australia is going to be watching what's happening here tonight, and I think it's very important to see for Farah, and I also will set a strong team for Victoria, so if you're from Victoria, you're watching this. We're coming to support you down there. Stand candidates. And I see our State President, Warren Pickering, is here, and he's going to lead the team for Victoria. We've also got Stuart Bonds that is here tonight from New South Wales, so representation from all around Australia to support you. It has been a long battle, and I've had my ups and downs throughout the years, but with my other colleagues on the floor of Parliament and Federal Parliament, especially Malcolm Roberts, who has worked tirelessly with me over the period of time, and now we are joined by Sean Bell from New South Wales and Tyrone Witton from Western Australia, and then we also have Barnaby Joyce who has joined our team. Thank you. Today, it's not about Pauline Hanson, it's not about the members getting elected, it's the start of a new beginning for the people of South Australia and the people of Australia. It's for you, you the people, and to each and every one of you that has done countless hours or a couple of hours on a polling booth. Without you, we would never have got there, because without your support, your hard work, and believing in us, that we have achieved what we have today. Thank you. To all the people that have voted for One Nation, please believe me when I say, you have got a strong leader in Corey Bernardi here in South Australia. You have... You also have a very strong leader in this man, Carlos Quimbero. We're number two. And hopefully we get the third one up with Rebecca Hewitt, who will take the third position. We're hoping she will take a third position also. It is unsure where we will stand with the lower house seats. We don't know if we're going to have one, two, three seats. We're not sure of that. At where we are tonight, just to let you know, this is the low tide. Once they really get to look at the votes they've put aside as calling them informal, once they start to really sort them out, I believe that our vote will rise even more. So wait and see what happens next week. I will finish on this note. Peter Malinowskis, congratulations on your win. No? He did win his second term. But I will say to Peter Malinowskis, I'm still in South Australia now. I am leaving tomorrow to go to Canberra to continue my duties. But guess what, mate? I'm leaving you some landmines. They're called One Nation Members of Parliament. So I suggest don't step on them because they will explode. And that's what we're here for. To ensure you get good representation, good government, with a good opposition, which you have not had in this state for a long time. And that's going to come with One Nation. Tunisia, every one of you, have a wonderful night. Thank you very much for your support. And take care. Bye bye. Thank you. That's Pauline Hanson and Corey Bernardi. A huge round of applause there. You heard it, the chants of Pauline, the joyous response to this result, which is, as she says, the best result they've had in many, many years since they won 11 seats back in Queensland.