It's day 81 of the Purple Salmon project, and even though we got a position wrong yesterday, we're still up over 205%. Cracking 200% in 81 days, using my AI as conservatively as I can, is pretty insane. We've also done this almost entirely on weather data, and we've done this almost all exclusively on weather positions on Kelshi. A few Bitcoin up or down positions really saved us when we needed it, like when we got the GDP position wrong, but when we stopped taking economic positions and we focused exclusively on weather and crypto positions, we started to do really, really well. The only reason I haven't been taking Bitcoin up or down positions recently is because I want to give access to Pavlov, my bot, to everybody. So I've been mostly focused on weather positions in the morning, and then building throughout the afternoon. Yesterday, we hit on four of our five weather positions. We got the high in Austin right for an 18.48% return, we got the high in Miami right for a 70.94% return, we partially cashed out that box. We got the high in San Antonio right for a 10.62% return, we got the high in Phoenix right for a 35.06% return, and that was a momentum play that we cashed out early. We got the Las Vegas high wrong for a 2.21% loss, that's total portfolio, and that was also a momentum play. Total portfolio was up 205.35%, and we're trading weather at an 88.03% success rate. On day 81, those numbers seemed pretty unreal. But let's see if we can keep that up for the next 300 days, even with Kelshi having 19 lawsuits against it, so this market could dry up. This is also not financial advice, I'm just an engineer using basic AI models to take positions on polymarkets like Kelshi. If you want to learn more about how I'm doing this, or the positions as I take them live every single day, check out the Purple Salmon Project. You can also leave me a comment or send me a DM if you have any questions, I usually answer right away. Even though it's day 81, I think we're only 46 posts into this, so 274 more posts to go.