in what we're doing over in Iran right now and taking out the leadership, taking out the ballistic missile supplies and trying to get back some sense of like control over the region when it comes to oil supplies and the Gulf. If this turns out well, you're gonna look like a bunch of tools. Check out this tweet, it's long, I'm not gonna read the whole thing. But he says, making the impossible possible. If the reading the analysis that the regime change in Iran was impossible, it seems as though the impossible is looking more and more possible. He goes on and on, how they're basically running out of people to replace at the top of the theocracy at this point. And these things that can happen can happen quick. He basically says at the end, hey, if this thing works out, like you really sure you wanna be on the other side of this thing? Like he's notes all the support from Dems for not taking out Iran remains puzzling, given the regime was amassing thousands of ballistic missiles on top of its own nuclear program and machine gunned its own people by the bushel to put down a protest. You really wanna be out there on team Iran or one of these peers guests asking, how do we treat them and the Israelis any different? Gee, I don't know. One of them's openly threatening to kill us if they acquire a nuclear weapon and one isn't. It's kind of basic to me. You don't have to be a spreadsheets guy to figure that out. So their talking point on this, because they don't wanna seem like they're, I'm talking about the liberals and the liberal media, that they're part of the pro-Mullah theocracy death to America class. Their talking point on this is, well, listen, you're gonna have to give us a plan because there's no plan. You saw that, Piers just said that. He's already told you the plan. He's told you the plan multiple times. Take out their drone capacities, ballistic missile capacities. He's already said this. Disrupt terror proxies. He said it, you just didn't listen. Here's Hegseth on their new, here's their new talking point. The Dan Bongino show puts on the fax armor where I'm gonna allow you the armor to go into the rhetorical battles out there in the field. You're gonna hear this talking point. Well, okay.