Alright, here's everything you need to know about the election last night. One Nation completely outperformed. In the lower house, in the upper house, they're gonna get seats in both. And this is far beyond what we were expecting. The polls, for the first time, were actually seeing that manifest in terms of the seats and really put meat on the bones for One Nation. As Pauline Hanson said last night, this is the first time since probably 1998 for her, that she's actually seen these sorts of results. The mood was electric last night. I just, I was there just this morning. I flew into back to Sydney, but I haven't slept for 48 hours. And what I want to do is I want to take you through these numbers and I want you to have a seat-by-seat understanding of where One Nation's doing well and where they could actually win seats. There's about three to six seats in contention that One Nation could win. These seats are the seat of Light, the seat of McKillop, the seat of Murungji, the seat of Mawson, the seat of Murunga, and Hammond. Now these seats, there's probably about three that have likely got it across the line. And this is going to be huge because if they end up getting more seats than the Liberals, they end up becoming the opposition. They end up actually becoming a proper formed shadow cabinet. On top of that, the upper house, which is what I talked to you guys quite a bit about on Friday, that's where my main focus is. One Nation way outperformed what I was expecting. They not only got more seats than the Liberals, but it ended up panning out as four Labor, three One Nation, two Liberal, one Green, and there's still one seat in doubt. Now I'm really concerned about this last seat. This is going to make or break the upper house. We need a right-winger to get it. The ones that could get it, I mean One Nation might be able to get it. Legalized Cannabis might be able to get it. Family First, as I alluded to, might be able to get it. And then there's the Labor Party's remaining votes. They might also be able to get it. Now this is a huge concern for me. If we can't get that seat, we may not get the balance of power in the Senate and stop Peter Malinowskis and humble him a bit. So I need your help. If you are in South Australia and you want to be a scrutineer to watch the vote, secure the vote, head to our website, tpaust.com.au, become a scrutineer. Watch these counts, not just for the lower house, but this helps in the upper house especially. And over the next month, the more numbers are going to come out, we're going to have a better idea of what's going on. But this was an insane result. The media was shaking in their boots. It was like someone died. And I'm here for it. I freaking loved it. God bless you. Thank you everyone that helped with our projects. This is your win. What happened last night, this is your win. If you shared our projects, you've helped this outcome. So give yourself a pat on the back. God bless you all. And let's continue Charlie Kirk's legacy in this beautiful country, Australia. Ciao.