What's up people, what do you call it? The outsider? The revelation? The surprise? Yes, it can be Roca. Yes, his team, his young professionals, his former professionals, engineers, politicians, lawyers, can give the surprise. That's what people have been looking for all this time, these two, three months of campaign. New people. And who has presented that to the city? Roca. And this proves it. In 48 hours, it went from this to this. People are seeing so many negative things from the other candidates of the past, with lawsuits, with a blue collar on the inside. They have already joined. Doug Whaler and Johnny Plata are united, that's why they had this amount. But you outsiders are changing the balance and it's turning like this. It's incredible. I honestly, look, honestly, I said, the others have already won, but this changes everything. It seemed incredible to me. 48 hours and they are making the change. Not me, you, you outsiders. They are going up, going down, going up, going down. The popularity or the preference. To whom are they contributing the people who are going to win? These are not the final results. This goes up, down, up, down, up, down. Every day, every hour, every minute. Everything is known and this is reliable. So far, Roca is giving the surprise. I repeat, Roca and his team of young professionals. New faces. Not with the blue collar and on top of that, purple, red, no. They are achieving it. And for God's sake, I hope they do. Don't get it wrong, people. We are going to be aware of how it goes up, down, how it is. This is really independent because it is external. It's not like Cios Mori, it's not like Unite's polls, no, no, no. This is very different. That's why, look for it, find it. Polymarket Bolivia and it will come out and you can see what it is about. Think about it, visit it, see it. See why it is growing in electoral preference. See why people are betting on this candidate. Visit it, check it out, because it is of your life. And you can give the surprise in these elections. See you.