If you are critical of the government of Israel, do you believe in Israel's right to exist? Would you consider yourself a Zionist in that narrow definition? What does that mean, a right to exist? The existence of the political state of Israel as it existed. But it has a right. What does that mean? That you think it should continue in its existence as a state right now. So you do not agree with Iran, for example. Let me just ask, since you asked me the question, it's fair for me to get you to define the term so I can answer it. You've asked two questions. The first was, do you believe Israel has a right to exist? And the second question was, do you believe Israel should continue to go on as a nation state? And those are very different questions. So I often hear the phrase- Having been created as a political entity in 1948, does that state- Does it have a right to exist? Is that what you're asking? I don't want to get hung up on the right to- No, no, no. Should it continue to exist? That's how I define narrowly Zionism. Because the phrase you used was devised by the Israeli government, of course. Does it have a right to exist? And so my question to you would be, what does that mean? Why don't you answer my question? It's a very simple question. I don't know what your question is. Are you asking does it have a right to exist or do I want it to exist? Do I seek its destruction? Fine. Answer it that way. Well, of course I don't seek its destruction. I've already said, as you know, because I said it to you, I don't want Israel to be destroyed or have to use nuclear weapons. We've established that you are in that narrow terms of Zionist. I am in no sense a Zionist. I don't want any country to be destroyed at all. And I don't want people to die, particularly ones who committed no crime, because I don't believe in killing innocents, period. That's the basis of Western civilization. Eastern civilization, it's a whole different view. They believe in collective punishment. I don't. So you're in no sense a Zionist. I don't even know what that means. Why don't you define the term and then I'll tell you whether I am. I just defined it. What's a Zionist? A Zionist, in my narrow term, this definition is that the state of Israel, the political state of Israel has the right to continue existing. The right? Where does that right come from? What do you mean? These are like, I'm not being a lawyer about it. I just want to know what you're asking me. Well, why don't you answer the question? Because I don't know what you're asking me. Let's go to the third. You don't want to define your question, and I don't know why. I don't know what you're asking me. I've already said, I don't want Israel to be destroyed. I don't want anyone to be killed. And you've said, does Israel have a right to exist? My question is, what right are you talking about? Does Britain have a right to exist? Does the United States have a right to exist? There was a world order built up after 1945, which suggested that aggression should not be condoned into countries, that countries with borders have the right to continue existing. I totally agree with that. Which is why the first thing that Israel did within two weeks of this war starting, which is supposedly existential for them, was take southern Lebanon, take someone else's country, as they have done repeatedly. And no one even mentions that. And so I guess I would be opposed to that, because I guess I think Lebanon has a right to exist. I thought Gaza had a right to exist. But I noticed that as soon as we started portioning rights, only one country gets that. No, I did not say that. You're absolutely putting words into my mouth. Here's what I do believe, since you asked. I believe in universally applicable standards. And if they're not universally applicable, they're not standards, they're preferences. That's why I believe in human rights, not ethnic rights. I don't think Jews have more rights or less rights than anyone else. I don't think Christians have more rights or less rights, blacks, Filipinos. I believe in human rights that derive from the creation of people by God.