So, this week's hot topic is about Un-British. Why is it about Un-British? Since Tuesday, Angela Rayner gave a speech, a lot of people are starting to have a lot of confusions, as well as optimism. Not just my opinion, a lot of economists, a lot of magazines, have written and published about it. And while doing this, understanding who Angela Rayner was, she was a former Deputy Prime Minister. And why did she resign? In a stamp duty calculation, there was an incorrectness, she was ethical breached, or I haven't met the best standard, she resigned at that time. And now, why is this related to this topic? The retrospective amendment, which will start in April, Sabana Mohamud had said that she would resign. And it hasn't started since April. It is being postponed now. Once it is passed in the parliament, and approved, this rule can be applicable. So, even if it is legally applicable, ethically, a lot of people say, this is not fair, this is un-British. The people who came, they have a family, on a basis, on an assumption, they have planned their career, as well as their life. So, it is not reasonable to change on the midway. And while talking about this, Angela Renner was giving a speech, this is unfair, this is breach of trust. So, what is the chance? People are very confused about this. And along with this, Kerry Stammer is also giving a sign of a little flexibility. And when it comes to this, what is Angela Renner's power? From what I understand, out of the government's parliament, 410 MPs are from the Labour Party. And out of 410, approximately 100 people are in Angela Renner's favour. So, Angela Renner is in a position not to control the party. Out of 410, she can't control it. But she has enough power, which the government, which is trying to implement, can give to her. So, from other parties, the opposition is getting it. Others are speaking against it. Even though there are strong voices in the parliament against it, they are not doing it legally. So, in the same party, the opposition is coming and when it does, there are many chances that there might not be a retrospective amendment. So, maybe, I mean, we need to see what the government finally approves. But until then, there is a strong chance that this retrospective amendment by the government is likely. There might be some sort of softness in implementing that one. So, maybe, whoever has landed in the UK after that, it might be applicable to them. But not the ones who might have been already in the country, who had already promised. Thank you. I'll see you in the next video. And in the meantime, what are your thoughts? What do you think? Let's comment and we'll see. We'll discuss. Thank you.