It's official, three elections are coming in Canada and I've got a plan for them. Mark Carney has called three by-elections for April 13th. Two in Toronto and one near Montreal. He hopes to get a majority government so he can ram through whatever he wants. By the way, that includes new censorship laws. As you know, Carney has been bribing conservative and NDP members of Parliament to cross the floor to become liberals. So he's almost there. I want to warn voters in these by-elections about what would happen if Carney is able to sneak his way to a majority. But I have been told by Elections Canada, if we broadcast that message to the voters in these ridings, we could be charged with illegal campaigning. Now, they won't stop the Chinese Communist Party from interfering in our elections, but they're threatening to target Rebel News. Even though we're Canadian journalists, the same as the pro-Carney journalists at the CBC and the Toronto Star and elsewhere. Now, Elections Canada did this to me once before. A few years ago, I wrote a book called The Libranos, where I exposed Trudeau's corruption. Now, there were 24 books about Trudeau in that same election, but mine was the only one investigated by the government. Here's the Elections Canada police telling me in my interrogation that I actually had to register my book with the government. When you are planning the book and the new third-party rules, because I believe there's some comments on your site as well about that, did you give any consideration of saying, maybe I should register as a third party for this circumstance? They fined me thousands of dollars. Now, I don't want that to happen again, so here's my plan. We'll make lemons into lemonade, and we will register with the government as what they call a third-party campaign group. Now, not a political party, but the term third party is what Elections Canada calls an independent group that's allowed to raise and spend money in these by-elections and do things like roll out our big, beautiful billboard truck. Now, we tried this in the last federal election, and it worked great, just required a bit of paperwork. So, we registered today for the by-elections. We did it. The name of the third-party campaign group is called For Canada. You can see the website at forcanada.ca. I chipped in the first $250. We're going to campaign in the two English-speaking ridings, Scarborough Southwest, where the awful Bill Blair is leaving, and University Rosedale, where the awful Chrystia Freeland is leaving. Now, look, these are pretty safe liberal seats, so it's going to be an uphill battle, but we've got to try. And you never know, in the last election, Rebel News campaigned with our billboard truck against two awful liberal MPs, Yara Sachs in North York and Maji Johari in Richmond Hill, and they both lost their election, so it is possible. By registering my third-party election group with Elections Canada, I can raise and spend over $5,000 in each riding. It's enough to send in the truck and do some hard-hitting video ads. And the amazing thing about a third-party campaign I've discovered is that unlike political parties, there is no limit on how much people can donate to it. In fact, if you've already maxed out your gift to a political party, you can still contribute to a third-party campaign like ours at ForCanada.ca. Now, I have no interest in simply repeating Pierre Poliot's messages. I plan to use our third-party group to go further and harder than anything the Conservative Party of Canada would do, like talking about things like mass immigration, which is out of control, and about Mark Carney's bizarre support for Iran and Palestine, and calling out the liberal gun grab, and transgender extremism, a topic the Conservatives won't touch. So we have our own messages that we can get out there with our third-party group, so let us go to battle. And if we happen to raise more money than we need, we are allowed to use it after the by-election to spend it then, which I promise you we will do. I've made the first donation. Will you join me? Go to ForCanada.ca and let's ask the questions about Mark Carney that the mainstream media won't. That's ForCanada.ca