I don't believe any Manchester United fan should be sad about this draw versus Bournemouth today. Yes, it is disappointing that you did not get the three points. Yes, it is very disappointing that you are in a winning position and still dropped two points. But let me tell you the truth. At the end of the season, you will look at this as a point gained to your top forties because I believe Manchester United has already secured the top four. I believe that top forties is already over. Yes! And you can argue that Manchester United were robbed tonight. Yes! Just before Harry Maguire got that red card, there was a penalty incident for Amad Diallo. He was pushed down. If you want to say that was a soft penalty, the other one that the penalty and red card was giving was also a soft challenge. But you gave it as a red card and even a penalty. Who knows, if you are giving that Amad Diallo penalty and they scored it and it was 3-1, maybe game over. So you can still argue that. And when you are looking at this result, you have to look at this in a holistic manner. Why? I gave you context before this game started in my preview. What did I say? Bournemouth were unbeaten in their last 10 Premier League games. Bournemouth have only lost two games at home this season. Only two games they have lost at home and those two games, the two teams that beat them at home, even Arsenal, they struggle to beat this Bournemouth team at home. Go and check it. This Bournemouth manager, ever since they hired him, Manchester United managers have failed to beat him. He's now six games unbeaten for Manchester United. And I also told you that my colleagues Manchester United have struggled to win away from home. It is so crazy that the only team that they have been able to beat away from home is the best in the Premier League right now. Arguably the best team in the world. Arsenal, they dropped points to West Ham. They lost to Newcastle. And they have dropped points to Bournemouth today, all away from home. So there's a very high probability of a draw. And I told you, although I predicted a win for Manchester United, a 2-1 win, there's a high chance of 2-2 draw. So this result did not shock me. Because I knew this would probably happen. And looking at Manchester United results, I can still tell you with full conviction in my mind that Manchester United will make the top four, which is the main purpose of everything. And if Michael Carey can come into Manchester United and take them from a club that finished 15th position and take them to top four, brother, he has done very well. If you even go to Polymarket right now, you see that Manchester United has an 84% chance of making it to the Champions League next season. They are basically in there. And it is easy money to invest right now. So go to polymarket.com and use my promo code ADKA, A-D-I-K-A, and invest! And make some cool cash! I told you guys this thing. That's why I'm not shocked by this result. Yes, there are some players that could have done better. I'm not disappointed today. I don't think he did well on that right wing. There was a chance that he could have entered and be 1v1. He took a very poor touch in the first half. I think the only two players that did very well for me today was Bruno Fernandes and Kunya, and also Lamens. Lamens was very, very good. My United fans have really started underrating the fact that they have now gotten a consistent and stable goalkeeper. Very good from claiming crosses, you know? Very secure. That's one thing about him. He will not make a mistake. I've not necessarily seen him make a mistake in his time at Manchester United. When you look at Maguire also, I mean, he just got outdone by the striker, and you look at it, if they're giving a penalty there, it was a last-man-tackle, and it has to be a red card. And the fact that Manchester United fought, even although that red card, and still got a point out of this game, because if you look at how Bournemouth was pressing them after that red card, even before the red card, and they were able to come away with a point, it's something to be proud about.