And if I could just ask Hogan a question, you guys campaigned on no more forever wars. And so this is the definition of a forever war. So I think you guys made- And might I just add to that, that he explicitly said in the campaign that his opponent would start a war with Iran. Sure. And then he started a war with Iran. So you can say, of course, like he said, like every other president has said, Iran should never have a nuclear weapon. But he was the only person who explicitly argued to the American people that they should elect him because the other guy or woman was gonna start a war. And then he did the exact same thing. What he said was he wanted no more stupid wars, and he wanted no more long-term protracted wars. He also said Kamala Harris was gonna start a war with Iran. This is neither one of those two things. You probably don't remember this, but he said Kamala Harris was gonna start a war with Iran. Sure. He said Obama was gonna start one in 2013. He said Obama was gonna start a war, yeah. I don't like to tell my age, but I'm 58 years old. You're a spring chicken, man. 47 years of my life. For 47 years of my life, George H. Bush, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, George W. Bush, have said to me that, you know, Iran's a threat. Iran is a threat. And yes, we are safer today than we were prior to this regime being gone. Right now, what President Trump needs to do is continue. The regime's not gone. The regime is not gone. The regime is going to be gone. He is defaming this regime. There's 300,000 IRGC members who will die in the very last one. Air Force, gone. Radars, gone. The Air Force is not the regime. Marines, gone. One person is not the regime. Okay, but we know that that actually isn't true, because I had- What do you mean it's not true? I had Israelis in my office today, and they're getting bombarded in Tel Aviv. Every 90 minutes, they're taking their kids out of their apartments and putting them in the bomb shelters. Let me finish my point. They're not 100% gone. I hear what the President's saying, but I'm just telling you what's happening on the ground.