Let us congratulate him and his team for their re-election and what they're putting forward to achieve for the people of South Australia. The pundits, they said that we wouldn't get a single seat, but tonight we will prove them wrong. We have done a fantastic job across South Australia. There are thousands of Liberal supporters who have backed us in against the odds, but as counting continues, our position continues to improve as well. I'm really proud of the team. It's so fantastic to see so many volunteers here tonight, but look, it's a tough night for the Liberals. There's absolutely no doubt about it that things are tough and lessons must be learned. There are a lot of things that we need to reflect on, but now is not the time for that. Now is the time to celebrate the Liberal cause and to give hope for the future because there is still hope for the Liberal future here in South Australia. I am a proud Liberal. I'm a proud Liberal. I love this party. I love what we stand for and when I look out and I see so many of you here tonight, I see a sea of blue of true believers who really do believe in this Liberal cause and there is still so much to fight for. You all know that I grew up on a farm on the outskirts of Angerston and that I've reflected a lot throughout this campaign about what lessons I've learned from that. Not every season goes your way. Sometimes it doesn't rain when you want it to and sometimes the crop that you're growing doesn't produce the goods, but that doesn't mean you walk off the land. You stay and you fight another day because you love what you do. I would like to sincerely thank all of our volunteers, to have the privilege of getting out to so many pre-polls across South Australia, to join so many of you on election day today and to see you all really digging in deep and making sure that we are working overtime to convince people to vote Liberal. It was really a pleasure to see, so thank you so much to all of the volunteers for sticking with us. I'd like to acknowledge the Liberal Party campaign team. Thank you so much for all of your efforts. Yes, a big round of applause for them. I'd like to thank all of the staff at Liberal HQ. I'd like to thank all of my Leader's Office staff and of course a big shout out to my Schubert electorate office staff. To all of the candidates, you're all amazing and I know how hard you have worked. You have put in so many hours and you have believed in the cause. You have knocked on thousands of doors. You have stood at supermarkets talking to people about our positive plan for the people of South Australia and I'm so proud to stand by each and every one of you. You've all been fantastic and I feel so proud that you've been part of the Liberal team for 2026. So a big round of applause for all of the candidates. To the members of Parliament who have been in my team, thank you so much for all of your support. We have lost Vincent Tartier. He has conceded his seat of Hartley. So I'd like to take the moment just to recognise him as a former leader. He has been incredible for our team. The work that he did in particular in defeating Nick Xenophon was exemplary and he has gone down fighting and he is an example for all of us well into the future. So I'd like to thank Vincent very much for his service. To my leadership team who I can see here, thank you so much. You've worked your arses off as well and I've been really, really proud to be in the trenches with you. It's been an absolute honour and a privilege to be with you. To my community of Shoebit, my local community which you all know I love dearly, the Barossa Valley and the Northern Adelaide Hills have returned me as their local Member of Parliament and I couldn't be prouder. And to my family, I couldn't do it without them. My husband Adam here is here somewhere and he's been amazing behind the scenes helping with our little one, little Rupert, who's nearly two. I looked at a photo of him actually only this week and I thought, God, he's grown so much over this last little while. It underscores the sacrifice that we all make to put ourselves forward for public office and it can be a lot but I'm so grateful for that family support. To my mum and my dad who are watching somewhere in Angleston and my brother Shannon, my nan and my in-laws, thank you for all of your support. You've been incredible. But into the future, we have been sent a message tonight and it's not just the Liberals who have been sent a message, it's the Labor Party as well, that there is a large cohort of South Australians who are sick to death of the status quo and we have to acknowledge that, we have to learn from that and if anything, we need to dig in on what we've been talking about for the last 100 days of my leadership and that's all about getting back to basics, focusing on those bread and butter issues that South Australians are crying out for leadership on. And so whilst the Premier, he's lived to survive another day and he'll have four more years in office and I do sincerely congratulate him on that. We are going to come back stronger than ever. We're going to keep fighting for not just the Liberal cause but for the people of South Australia because at the end of the day, that's what we're in politics for. We're not in politics because of ourselves, we're in politics because we ultimately believe in our local communities and we ultimately believe that we've got the best vision for the people of South Australia. And whilst the voters didn't give us the nod this time, we'll keep fighting to earn their respect into the future. The voters never get it wrong and they've sent us a clear message and it's up to us now to heed that advice and to look forward with a true sense of optimism because like you, I do see an optimism in South Australia. We've got so many fantastic opportunities ahead of us and we all just need to band together, keep working hard and backing one another in. Now is the time to come together really as a party and to be in lockstep together for the future. It's been a pleasure to be your leader for this campaign and I'm looking forward to leading this party well into the future for the next four years and making sure that we continue to climb back bigger and better. Thank you everyone, thank you.