It is an extraordinary election. A historic win for Labor. The largest win ever. Enormous responsibility comes with that power though for this Premier. And I think we saw in his speech tonight that he accepts that. Ashton Hearn announced herself as a leader. I think she spoke incredibly well. She now takes over the party at the low watermark, whatever it is. Christopher says seven or eight. At the moment there's only three and this is a story for the Liberal Party, one of the sub-stories of the Liberal Party, one urban seat. They have nine urban seats out of 88 federally, one urban seat in Adelaide at the moment. That's a disaster. One Nation has also announced itself as a real force in politics. It is a disruptor. It has changed the landscape of politics tonight. It has both the major parties wondering about where they go to stop the flow of votes away from themselves. The 30-30-30, 33-33-33 split has now become maybe 55 shared between the majors and 45 third way. The Australian people are looking for a way that isn't the major party path. That now goes to Victoria and we see what happens there. It goes to the by-election in Farrah in a few weeks' time. It then tips into New South Wales and federally. Can it be sustained? Can it be maintained? The other thing that I'll say is a major point from tonight. There is now a national battle to be the custodians of patriotism in Australia. What does it mean to be an Australian? Well, it's a very important point for us, isn't it? We need to define ourselves before someone else gets a chance to do it for us. If we don't know who we are and as political leaders you don't know who you are, why would people bother voting for you? Peter Malinowski started today an operation within Labor in South Australia. I think you will hear Prime Minister Anthony Albanese talk about this more frequently now. What is it to be? It is not a pejorative to talk about patriotism and nationalism and to be a good Australian and to define that. I think that is a fascinating thing and an important thing for our country. This is a remarkable election. It has been rather remarkable, hasn't it? A historic election.