So I just left this bar. It was originally my plan was just to get Happy Hour, but I ran into one of the most controversial companies in America. Let's talk about it real quick. We always need Happy Hours too, especially after these news cycles. My name is Janay Bamaud. I'm going to talk to you a little about this. So this is Pop-Up Bar that just opened in DC. It's only there till the, I think it's Sunday is the last day. So if you want to go, you can go then. But it's run by Polly Market, which if you don't know, is one of the biggest prediction market companies in the world. Think sports betting, but for everything. And some of the stuff you can bet on is pretty harmless, right? March madness brackets. Is the Fed going to cut the interest rates? Is Messi going to retire? But here's where things really get dark. People on the platform have been betting on when the US military strike is going to happen or whether world leaders will be assassinated. Someone made over half a million dollars betting on the Iranian Supreme Leader's death. And the reason news outlets were at this bar was because Congress is trying to catch up with all of this. Democrats have introduced multiple bills about these kind of prediction markets, trying to tie them, trying to restrict, you know, predictions that are tied to war, assassination, someone's death. And of course, some of this even targets insider trading. Now, here's why this matters. If you live in Maryland, Maryland is one of the states actively fighting these platforms in court. Maryland has like a group that monitors and regulates sports betting, et cetera. They basically want any sports betting in the state to be licensed and taxed. I want like if someone's doing prediction markets to get tax revenue from that. That's part of what they're using right now with the casinos to fund schools. And of course, all of the other challenges that come with prediction markets. And there's this big fight. Should the states regulate it? Should the federal government regulate it? Anyway, I'm out of time. Hit that follow button and share with your communities because this is super important. Bye, guys.