Brenton speaking here, what do you put your success down to here in South Australia? It's not my success, but I'd say me. I think it's the major political parties. They've been the ones that have come undone. They have not listened to the people. They have actually put out policies disregarding people, haven't listened to them. And people want change. They've fed up with the major political parties. And many people come up to me and say you're our last hope. People don't feel like they're in Australia anymore. The country's changed so much. Our educational system, hospital system, we're ramping. They're getting health services provided to them. I was up at the Coober Pedy the other day and, you know, they're just so lost. They don't see the members of Parliament. They don't hear from anyone. So I think this is about, you know, a voice for the people of South Australia. Getting good government is to get good opposition. And that's what I want to give to the people. On the early primary count and total count, I can tell you, you have 24% of the votes so far. What is the message to the rest of the country with that result? You know, I want to take this opportunity to give a big thank you to the people of South Australia for putting their trust and confidence in the voting for one nation. And this will send a clear message to the rest of the country. I'm not going to stop with South Australia. I'm going to go after the seat of Farrah and get David Farley elected. And then we're going to concentrate on Victoria. Because Victoria is a basket case destroyed by the Labor Party with no opposition from the Liberals. This country needs change and the people are screaming out for change. It's all about good policies that is going to give them a decent standard of living, way of life and put in place for future generations to pay down our debt and give them great services that they need. I think that's what patriotism, it's about being Australian, being proud of it. And that's what I stand for and I'll keep fighting for that. And giving back that voice to people as they tell them all the time. You have a right to have a voice, you have a right to have an opinion. That's all they want. I want to empower the people so they know that they can actually move forward and have trust and confidence in their country and their representatives. I just want to open up. I think it's very important not to forget the people that are here. This is all possible, it's not because of One Nation, it's possible because the people themselves wanted that change. And that I have so much respect and admiration for my fellow Australians. I've just been the vehicle but they're the engine that will drive it. I just want to take this opportunity to say, I just want to take the opportunity to say, Cory Bernardi came on board and I asked him if he would stand for One Nation. He's done an excellent job. You know, he's a trooper, he's a professional, he's adamant about he wants to do a good job for the state. And I respect Cory immensely and I'm so proud to have had Cory stand for leader of the party here in South Australia.