Labour should be scared not of losing but of how big One Nation is becoming because Liberals forget about it. Ain't nobody voting for Liberals this time. Who even is the party leader of the Liberals? I don't even know and I'm into politics. I have to look up her name every time I even think about that party. As for Malinowskis, top bloke, really like the guy but the algae bloom issue is something that the people do care about and we want more answers for. And having Nicholas Sperrier, the lady who was at the forefront of all of this COVID nonsense and who was responsible for ruining the lives of many people who didn't want to take the jab, well that was not a good pick for Health Minister and it was not a good look for her to be on that panel. Yes she's a scientist but she's not an ecologist, she's not a marine biologist, she's going by all of these other reports which some say have been a little bit tainted or neglected all due to politics. Now that's all alleged but the people on the ground do believe that. As for Cory Bernardi, bloke, bloke, bloke, bloke, you're the state leader for One Nation Party. You need to be more likeable man, you really, really do. For LGBT folk, you shouldn't have doubled down on your statements that you said 14 years ago, talking about the slippery slope about how gay marriage could possibly turn into bestiality. You could have stayed true to what you meant but you should have dignified your response and rebutted it and said it in a much more elegant way. People like myself and people who do stand up for the rights of others do not want to hear who they love being akin to bestiality. And yes it's all old news now but you had the opportunity to change that and you didn't, you missed that. Yes people misspeak but it's all about likeability and right now we all know Labor's going to win because, like it or not, Malinowskis is a likeable fella. I've met the guy, he's a nice guy. You talk to him, he speaks a lot of sense, he's well spoken, he's there for the people, he's a part of the Labor wing but he's a little bit more right-wing Labor. He has more conservative personal values. Anyways, like I said, we all know who's going to win. If you want to stick it up at the Federal Government and just vote for One Nation, go for it. Vote for Cory Bernardi but One Nation candidates, especially if you are a candidate that already has a recognisable name like Cory Bernardi does, be more likeable. Be more likeable. Be the people's choice just like Malinowskis is because otherwise you're gonna lose.