Wow. Mess. Disappointment. Wipeout. These are all the themes and words we've heard throughout the night. What is it that the Liberal Party needs to do? Well, look, Rosanna, first of all, it's very disappointing for a lot of really good candidates. We did have a lot of really, really good candidates in the field, a lot of volunteers who did a lot of hard work. I feel sorry for them in the sense that they can only go out there and fight a war with the ammunition they're given. It is time for the Liberal Party at both state and federal level to start behaving like the Liberal Party, quite frankly. This is the party of freedom of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of association. And, you know, people expect that. This nonsense that by leaning to the left we'll capture seats that we don't have has been proven wrong more times than I've had hot dinners. We saw that in the 2019 election. We took a very ground game level, you know, working for the weekend approach and won comfortably, even in seats that you would expect would lean to the left. And we've seen the same thing play out here. So, look, I think it is now time, and I should say, I've spent the last five years under great criticism from many corners trying to re-stump the Liberal Party. But they're obviously not listening to you. Is this a problem in itself? No, they're not listening to me and they should start. Anyone that wants to understand what happened here can go back to the antique library in my social media and look at it. I've been saying this for five years, and I'm quite happy for people to do that, because I have been talking about the solution here, and that is to really return to the Menzi style of Liberal Party. So, Alex, you're wanting to drag the Liberal Party, after tonight's result, way back to the right, the hard, conservative right. A lot of people don't agree with that. Well, a lot of people will be looking at One Nation polling at 20 per cent tonight and be proven wrong on that subject. And I don't accept the term hard right. I mean, that's just a phrase that's been bandied around by the media in this state. I mean, what does that mean? Like, are we talking common sense politics? Obviously, there are large numbers of South Australians tonight who could be characterised as hard right or far right or whatever the language is, if that is the case, and I don't accept that. I think that people want the Liberal Party to be the Liberal Party. They want it to stand for the values that we always have, and we will see results. Would you like to see the Liberal Party cleaned out, whether it be the Parliamentary Party or the Executive, but probably not the Executive, seeing it is conservative, and start again? Is this a burn the village moment? Well, I hear rumours consistently now about the left faction of the Liberal Party looking to start their own breakaway movement, and if that is the case, then perhaps that should happen. So, what happens to Ashton Hearn in all of this? She's a moderate. I don't know. Do you want her to stay there? Of course. Well, how can she stay there as a moderate when you want to go so far to the right? Look, I think Ashton and I would agree on a lot of things. One thing that I found extremely disappointing was the membership of the Liberal Party last year. It was the first state, actually, the membership here voted against net zero, and the federal Liberal Party and National Party took that up and wiped it off their slate, but the state Liberal Party did not. Seriously, if you keep going like this, Alex, what is the Liberal Party going to look like in even five, ten years? What do you mean if we continue like we have today? Well, I think there become serious questions about the viability of the party if it continues to play teal politics. Okay, let's cut to the chase. Christopher Pyne has just about run the Liberal Party for as long as I can remember. Hugely influential. Is he a problem? No. Look, no. He's saying that because he's sitting down. Well, I don't think it is a fair question. Look, I mean, Christopher had a very grand career in politics. He's now out of politics, for which he must be very grateful, and I'd like to know... But he's still pulling some strings. Well, look, I don't know. I try to keep to myself in Canberra. I'm genuinely not interested in what goes on over there, and so, you know, you can perhaps direct those questions in. Can we? Well, we will, if we can cross to the other panel, and I'll ask you directly, Christopher, and I'm not setting this up as some sort of booby trap, but you've heard what Alex Antic has said, and he has been on a big recruitment drive through Pentecostal areas. He's not saying you're the problem, but you are poles apart in what you think. Well, it is a booby trap, and good on you, Mike. So, you know, you're a politician, and not a politician, a journalist, and a door kicker yourself, as you described Frank Pangallo before when you kicked this door. But let me say that tonight is not a night to discuss the internal machinations of the Liberal Party. I'm just a branch member, and Alex is a senator, and I believe in the broad church of the Liberal Party. Alex is part of that. I'm part of that. Ashton Hearn is part of it, and we win when we all work together, and that's the most important culture that we can drive together. So that's my answer. I'm here to talk about the election results. There's a lot more to count. I'm not here to fulfil your desire to have a headline about an argument between Liberals on a night like tonight when we need to be pulling together. Yeah, fair summary, I think. We are best when we work together, but we've got to be singing from a Liberal Party hymn sheet. When you talk about the Menzian Party, though, Christopher's right. It is the broad church. It's the conservative pews, and it's the progressive pews, and when you evidence 2019, that was a reasonably narrow loss in comparison to 2025, in which Peter Dutton took a more conservative policy sweep to the electorate and suffered the worst defeat in party history. Well, I think times change, and I would say to that... In nine months, though? I would look to the comparison between two of the same leaders, which were Scott Morrison, 19 to 22, where we took a very different policy approach. We'd adopted net zero by then. We took that to the 22 election, and there were quite a different spread in terms of the result when we, of course, we lost in 2022. But you did in 25 as well, Alan. Well, once again, I don't know that we took a particularly conservative sweep of politics to the election. No, but you took net zero to 25. We took net zero to 25, yeah. But the net zero is not the only issue, of course. All right, we've got to... There are many, many more I'm happy to go through.