Collective. Somebody's behavior towards you has people shocked and appalled. They cannot believe the lengths somebody went through and the lows that somebody went to just to get back at you, just to hurt you. Somebody wanted you to feel so badly about yourself. They wanted you to be miserable so bad. Your smile made them mad. Your energy made them feel less than, and they wanted you to come down about several notches. And so they were doing things behind the scenes. They were orchestrating events. They were going through and to lengths that you would usually reserve for people who are like a very high status. People would risk these type of penitentiary chances for people who have a whole lot more than you. But for whatever reason, it wasn't about what you had on the outside. It was about how you felt about yourself. And so because of this, they did these things and people have been finding out. I was getting like a slow leak. Like there has been a slow leak of information and whether it took weeks, months or years, there has been this slow unfoldment and it's like a pathway opening up and people have been able to walk down this pathway and see what you went through. They see what you lived through the orchestration of events behind the scenes that were unfair, sabotage, getting in people's ears, telling this fog, false accusations, lying on you, rumors. You were going through a lot of unnecessary things. That's another thing people were saying that I was getting that was totally unnecessary. They put you through that for nothing. Well, because of their jealousy, their envy, their hate, their own misery. But the people from the outside looking in who are now seeing the unfoldment of this truth, they looking at it like that was totally uncalled for. Like what you just woke up one day and decided you want her to be miserable. You was miserable. You want her to join you as company. Like they can't believe it. Okay. So people are shocked. They're appalled. Um, and, and they looking at this person weird and different. Uh, I was also getting that, uh, for some of y'all, other people are hoping they go to jail. Like you need to be filing some charges. You got people in the background looking through paperwork like, man, maybe I could be your lawyer. Okay. You got people who were ready to fight for you, defend you because that was totally unnecessary. Okay. And so, uh, I was also getting at this.