Excuse me, guys. Question for you. Sir, who's the richest person here? You want to tell them? Have you heard of Pepsi? Pepsi, the soda company? Yes, we just sold our company to them for almost two billion dollars. Two billion with a B? Yes, with a B. So you guys work together? You guys are business partners? You could say that. She's also my wife. You guys are married? Yeah, still married after the business. Actually, I go all over the world interviewing billionaires to help the younger generation. Can I get a minute with you for the channel real quick? Sure. Do you guys have any kids? We do. Three kids. Three kids? Yeah. So you're balancing a multi-billion dollar company, a marriage, and also having children. How in the world did you balance all of that? There's no such thing as balance. There's spreadsheets in the bedsheets. We maxed out our credit cards. We did everything we could to survive. Did you guys scale super quickly or was it a long game? No, so poppy's the fastest growing beverage in the history of beverage. From zero to 500 million only took us five years. Are you serious? Yes. Less than five years. Leave me that secret. Come on. We launched during COVID. We were one of the first brands to get on TikTok. I have over three billion views on my face on TikTok. Brands were getting killed during COVID. Yeah, but you know what? You can have a fantastic product, but if your brand is shit, you're not going to be successful. Do you guys think people should do business with their significant other or is it not for the weak? It's definitely not for the weak. I wouldn't advise against it because, I mean, look at us. We built and sold a business for nearly two billion dollars and built a family. The biggest thing is marriage is not 50-50. A business partnership is not 50-50. Each person has to be committed 100% because at any given time, someone's going to be falling short of 100%. Trust and commitment are absolutely critical. How old are you all today? I'm 38. 39. A little bit older. A little bit older. A little bit older, a little bit wiser. Hey, hey, way wiser. So let me ask you all this. If the three of us die tomorrow and you could leave one more message with the younger generation, leave one more message with your children right here, what would that be? I think it was Steve Jobs that said this. This world was created by people no smarter than you and I. And so if you have a dream, just put in the work and go get it. I think embarrassment is the most underexplored emotion when it comes to success. A lot of people ask, why are you so confident, Allison? I embarrassed myself repeatedly until I gained confidence. So go make a fool of yourself. You guys have amazing advice. Thank you, man. I connect with all the billionaires that I interview. Can I get you guys' contact?