There was a funny moment today while I was voting, while I was waiting in line. Those people were walking around handing out pamphlets and asking people who they're voting for, which I'm really uncomfortable with. I think just let people vote for who they're going to vote for. If they haven't decided by the time that they're lining up to vote then they shouldn't be voting. It just feels slimy and sleazy to be going around handing out pamphlets at that stage in all this. But anyway, already I'm kind of annoyed at those people that do that. So I'm standing waiting in this line and this woman comes up with a One Nation pamphlet and goes, will you be voting for One Nation? And I said to her, and I mean it, I said, I'd rather drink battery acid than vote One Nation and turn my attention back forward. And she went, and then she went to a friend who was over behind me and went, water off a duck's back, water off a duck's back. And you know that if you have to say water off a duck's back aloud, it means that you were bothered by it. But she said to a friend, how hard is it for him to just say, no, thank you. And I didn't continue talking to her because I'd said everything that I needed to say to her. But if I had have continued to talk to her, I would have turned around and said, I don't owe you anything. I don't owe you a pleasantry. I don't owe you respect. I don't know you and you're not here on good faith. You're not just a nice person in the street saying hi. You're trying to sell me a political belief that I don't have. I don't owe you a pleasant response. I owe you absolutely nothing right now. So leave me alone while I'm waiting to vote. And I just, the entitlement of some people that just think that people owe them respect in an environment where they're not earning respect. If someone came up to me and asked me for the time, I would be nice. If someone came up and asked me for directions, I'd be nice. She's not coming up because she's lost or she's coming up because again, she's trying to get more votes and I find their political beliefs abhorrent. And I'm allowed to think they're abhorrent. And therefore I'm allowed to express in my response, the degree of abhorrentness that I find their political beliefs. That's just my rights as a human being. So I just thought it was very funny that she thought that I owed her to be nice when I fundamentally disagree with everything that she stands for. And the fact that she's out there volunteering her time means that she believes enough in that nonsense to go and bother people while they're waiting in line to try and turn them to the dark side. So I thought that was just funny.