It looks like we are getting a Trump $1 commemorative coin minted by the U.S. government to celebrate the 250th birthday of the United States. Do you want to see it? Here it is. There is President Trump right there standing above the Resolute desk, this on it with the word Liberty here, 1776 and 2026. Now this image is based on this image of Trump, which is currently his official portrait hanging in the National Portrait Gallery. Now the tail side of the coin has this image of an eagle on it. Oh and this commemorative $1 coin is also supposed to be minted in 24 karat gold. At least that's what they're proposing right now. And this commemorative coin is on top of this additional $1 commemorative coin to celebrate America's 250th birthday, also featuring Trump's profile. Now I've been reporting that this coin is coming. But back to the gold coin. Today the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts voted to move forward with this gold commemorative coin to celebrate the U.S. semi-quincentennial. The same board voted yes on the other commemorative Trump coin in January, saying that it was a statesman-like and accurate depiction of the president. Now it's worth noting that every single member of that board that voted yes today and voted yes back in January was also appointed by Donald Trump. And during today's meeting the question wasn't whether they were going to approve the gold coin or not, the question was how big is the coin going to be. For the record they reportedly said the bigger the better. Now aside from the legality of putting a living president's face on U.S. currency, which I'm going to get into in a second, when it comes to a commemorative coin any new proposed coin first has to be authorized by Congress and then the design technically has to be approved not only by this U.S. Commission of Fine Arts but also the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee. And in the end the Treasury Secretary gets the final say. Well as of today we know Treasury Secretary Scott Besant has definitely signed off on these Trump coins, he's all about it. And as I just reported, today we know the Fine Arts Commission also signed off. But the Coinage Advisory Committee, which is made up of citizens and coin experts appointed by both Democrats and Republicans, has not. In fact they have refused to even discuss these Trump commemorative coins because of the legality of it all and the tradition of not putting images of living presidents on U.S. currency. So can the United States Mint, Trump's Mint, put Trump's face on legal U.S. currency? Well it looks like they're going to do it. But the law from 1866 is pretty clear. It says only deceased individuals can appear on any minted coins by the United States government if they are used as currency. In fact a law clarifying that in 2005 said in order to be featured specifically on a presidential dollar coin, a president must have been deceased for a minimum of two years before their coin can be struck by the U.S. Mint. And if there was any question, the founding fathers of the United States considered it unpatriotic to put the likeness of any living person on any U.S. currency. So what's the loophole here? Well back in 2020 Congress did pass a law called the Circulating Collectible Coin Redesign Act of 2020. In that law it says in honor of the 250th anniversary of the United States, the U.S. Treasury Department will issue up to five newly designed coins. The law talks about multiple special designs for the quarter, but the law also says the Treasury may also mint a one dollar coin with designs emblematic of the U.S. semi-quincentennial. The Trump Treasury Department has said that in their opinion, what could be more emblematic of the 250th birthday of the United States than the face of President Donald J. Trump? The Treasury Department has not said exactly when these new Trump commemorative coins would be minted and put into circulation, but it's also possible that if they try, they may be sued.