So, Mr. Mayor, there was a time not too long ago when the president himself was attacking you quite frequently. And you him, we should say, he was calling you a lunatic. You had promised to be his worst nightmare if you were elected. After your meeting with him in the Oval Office in November, all of that changed. Why? What happened in that room? You know, the president and I have many disagreements. We're not shy about them. We've been public about them. We've been private about them. One thing we have very much in agreement is a love of New York City. And so in that meeting, in the subsequent conversations, and then in the following Oval Office meeting, I have gone back to the president with our hopes for what it could look like to actually put the city on better footing in the years to come. I put forward a plan to build more housing than New York City has seen in any single housing development since the early 70s. Alongside that, I also made clear to the president, as I have before, my continued belief that ICE raids are cruel and inhumane, that they do nothing to advance the cause of public safety. And I gave him and his chief of staff a list of five who had been detained in or around Columbia University. And maybe about 30 or so minutes after the meeting, the president called me to say that he made the decision that he was going to release that student who had been detained that morning. So you found a way to have a productive relationship with this president, despite your many differences. How would you describe that? Is it a partnership? Is it an alliance? What is it? I think it's a productive relationship between the mayor of this city, the president of this country, and one that is also honest. You know, I want to always be honest with the president and with the public about where those disagreements are. And also that my job is not to litigate the disagreements, but to deliver for the people of New York City. How often do you two text or talk to each other? I'll leave that to the two of us, but I'll tell you that that's the focus of that relationship. Once a week? Twice a week? Hotter? Colder? I will keep that between the two of us.