World Champions Chelsea lost 5-2 to PSG, then replied by losing 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to Newcastle, then replied by losing 3-0 to PSG, then replied to their reply of their reply by losing 3-0 again to Everton. Aw. Four losses in a row. And in three of those four losses, they have not even scored one goal. Aw. Huh. World Champions, your key cannot unlock a win this period. Just one win. Hey! Out of the Champions League automatically. And now, you are just basically hanging on to fighting for the top four. I'm just pitying those that invested in Chelsea, finishing in the top four in Poly Market. Right now, Chelsea has only a 30% chance of finishing in that top four. It's over. But if you didn't get stronger and you want to invest in other things, go to polymarket.com and register with my promo code, adika, A-D-I-K-A, so that you can invest in those options. I'm not saying my life don't spoil as a Liverpool fan. I have no right to banter Chelsea or even laugh at them. But if your life spoil past Chelsea this period, hey! Chelsea fans are now screaming, Liam Rosano out, Liam Rosano this, Liam... Keep quiet. Let me tell you the truth here and now. Liam Rosano is not your problem. If you think Liam Rosano is your problem, then you have a very short sight. You had an absolutely brilliant manager in Maresca. Why was he sacked? Because he complained about the ownership. Because he had ambitions. Because he actually wanted to run Chelsea like a football club and not just a business or profit or whatever the heck Bluco is doing. The moment he spoke, in a week, he lost his job. It's not because of Man City or anything. It's because he spoke up. He wanted backing because he wants to compete. But they don't care about that. This ownership is your problem. They have killed Chelsea. They have killed Chelsea's identity. I always said that growing up, I know Chelsea for winning trophies, doing whatever it takes to win trophies. I was talking to my guy that is a Chelsea fan the other day. He was saying, this problem actually started under Abramovich. But I told him, Abramovich at least was failing at signing world-class talent. When he signed Lukaku, although Lukaku failed, Lukaku was one of the best strikers in the world and was an amazing signer as at then. He failed, but he at least went for the best. Who are these guys going for? Once you are above 23 or 24, they cannot go for you again. So don't deceive yourself. Liam Rosano is not going anywhere. Except two things happen. He comes out and speaks out badly about this board and their backing or whatever. And secondly, the form gets so bad that maybe he almost relegates Chelsea or puts Chelsea bottom 10, unless he's keeping his job. You think that they did not think of all these things happening after giving him a 6.5-year contract? He's a puppet. All he has to do is be a good boy and keep quiet and don't speak about the ownership. That is all. These guys obviously don't care about Chelsea winning trophies. They're not bothered. They're not treating Chelsea like a big club. I've said it before, they are treating Chelsea like Brighton. Unless tell me why you are so hell-bent on signing 23, 24-year-old, 25-year-old players to then give them a 10-year contract or five-year contract. Is this how you compete? Go and look at Arsenal's average age, about 27. They went to sign AZ that is 27 years old now because they want to win the title here and now. He can't be a check his age too. They don't sign these small boys. You cannot compete with these small boys. They are not mature enough. They are not ready. Everton versus Chelsea today look like men versus boys. They are making Beto look like Drogba. Two goals and one assist for him. These kids are not mature enough. They are children. What is Chelsea's average age? 24.6. Do you know what Everton's average age is? 29.1 years old. Chelsea at the end of last season were the youngest ever club to make the Champions League. I keep telling you guys that your problem is not... See, like Liverpool now, my problem is Ani Slot. I have the players who fight for a Champions League. I have those mature players, those world-class players that can compete. But the manager is horrible. The only problem is the managerial problem. Even with Mahrezka, if they did not back Mahrezka, give him the players he wanted, this would have still happened. That's why Mahrezka and Chelsea would have never worked long-term. This current ownership, they would have never worked. Because you cannot tell me that Mahrezka will keep quiet for so long. I'm sure during his tenure, that one year, he was already complaining in small, small. When he now won the Club World Cup, I'm sure he expected an ah-ah. This guy tore his ACL before the season started. What's his name? Your captain, Liverpool. At least, the least you can give me is a centre-back. Back me well. Now, with even this current squad of kids and all that, and what's his name? Enzo Mahrezka was still competing. With 10 men, he held us now to a draw. What was the squad like? And then he kept a clean sheet versus Hanzi Flick, Barcelona, destroyed them 3-0. He's a special manager. You don't let go of such managers. And the fact that they were able to let go of Mahrezka, that should already tell you that this club is not serious. That the ownership is not serious. They are not. They are not there for sporting reasons. They are not there to make Chelsea better. It was a clear message from them. They know it. Chelsea fans, let me tell you the truth.