Good morning. Maybe you're waking up to the news that in South Australia, Labor has just won the general election. And for another four years, Peter Malinowskis, the Labor guy, is going to be the Premier. But that's not really the news, because we all knew that the Labor Party was going to win anyway. And that's because the Liberal Party have become so defunct and boring. And Labor-lite, there was no reason to vote for Liberals, because, well, they pretty much agreed with everything Labor said. Nah, the real news should be focused on One Nation. Because, if again, you're waking up right now and reading the news, you're going to see a little detail there that might shock you. And that detail is, One Nation is actually bigger than the Liberal Party. What?! Now, what does this mean for Australian politics, especially in South Australia? Well, basically, it means that One Nation, you know, the party that a lot of you people keep sort of criticising and slandering and labelling and whatever else. Well, they're going to be the main opposition to Labor. What?! You know, the party of Pauline Hanson, that lady that for 30 years, the political establishment and the media and, well, uneducated Australians, have been calling as a racist, xenophobic. You've insulted her, you've criticised her, you've unjustly jailed her. Now, all of a sudden, her party is the main opposition in South Australia. That's the news you should be looking at. That One Nation, the fringe party that you all just laughed at, is now the main opposition in the mainstream politics. Oh, wow. Now, what does that mean for Australia? Well, quite simple, it means that Australians are starting to wake up. They're starting to realise that the uni party, which is both Labor and Liberal, are not working for you anymore. And so now, we've got a third player that's bigger than the Greens, that's bigger than the Nationals and bigger than the Liberals. Hmm. Something ain't mathing in the heads of the elite. And this is not just going to be an apparition, a fluke, and put it down to just a protest vote in South Australia. Nah. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. This is going national. One Nation is no longer the party for you to insult and denigrate, because if you do, you do it at your own demise. Now, I know there's going to be some highly educated people that are going to cry and whinge and try and decipher the numbers and the statistics and work out why One Nation got such a massive vote, but you're never going to come to the realisation because, well, you're in a bubble. All you Labor and Liberal, you're all in your little bubble where you think the world revolves around you and the good little Australians have just to bow down to you and do what you say and believe what you believe and you're never going to come to the realisation that Australia is waking up. For too long, you elite politicians in both Labor and Liberal, you've stomped on our heads and we've let you. For too long, you have become the only voices that represent us. Every four years, it's the cycle. You either go Labor or you go Liberal. Labor or Liberal. Labor or Liberal. And nothing ever bloody changes. But now, those protest votes have translated into real-time data. How are you going to respond to a party that is really and truly representing the Australian people? I wonder. I kind of know what you're going to do, but let's just watch and enjoy. You're going to do the true and failed tested. Let's denigrate. Let's insult. Let's make One Nation supporters to look like the uneducated rubes that they are. And then the next election, they'll just get their little three or four percent. Like I said before, if you do that, do that at your own demise. Because you know it's serious when even the Premier, the Labor Premier, Peter Malinowskis, in his victory speech for the first time ever, even though the supporters booed as soon as they heard the One Nation name, Peter Malinowskis said, stop that. We have to recognise that One Nation is a legitimate force to be reckoned with. Maybe, just maybe, you Labor supporters and Liberal can do the same. This win in South Australia actually gives me a bit of hope. And it gives me a bit of pleasure. Now One Nation didn't win the election. They didn't win as many seats. And with the stupid system that South Australia has, with their forced preferentials, it may only be one, two, three, four or even five seats. But one thing's certain. One Nation is the most popular party in the conservative right. And that's something that's not going to change now. This steam train has started to roll. And it's going to get bigger and bigger. And Victoria, you're next. Up here in Queensland, we know One Nation's going to do really well. And if we're going to take our country back, it's going to be state by state by state. So to all the One Nation supporters, get ready. Because once again, you're going to be yelled at, insulted, you're going to be body shamed, your intelligence levels are going to be questioned, and you are going to go through the absolute worst of the worst of the worst. But like Pauline, hold steady, keep your eyes on the prize, and let nature take its course. Because it's course for Australia. Is it Australia is waking up, Australia's coming back, and both Liberal and Labor are learning the hard way. Toodles.