The reality, that's the reality of this, is that you were victimized tonight, and that's why we're here, is we don't want, we don't want further violence, and maybe this is the reality check she needs, that like, hey, I need to get things in check, so, um, I just want to talk to you here, over there, real quick, sorry, the one kid just puked, it's fine, no, it's fine, um, I mean, I'm glad the parents showed up, uh, I don't know which one's which, the little girl, the one upstairs, oh, okay, oh, I'm not, um, what is, do you know the dog's name? Do you know her birthday? It's, that's okay, do they have the same last name? Yeah. Or is it a different last name? Well, she's not divorced yet, so. Well, she is, she just hasn't changed her name, she keeps her name the same. Yeah. Okay. Um, yeah, like, I can't, I can't make you fill that out. Yeah. It's voluntary. Um, but, I mean, that's, that's your side of the story, again, she's alleging a different side. Yeah, I mean, I guess that's the only thing, like, if she's wanting to, like, push stuff, then, like, I'm going to have to, but, like, I, I truly just want her to, like, just get help and just, that's that. And that, that's, I understand that, and that's what I'm hoping this results in, I'm not, I'm not trying to jam anyone up or take them to jail to take them to jail, like, I want the problem solved. Is, does someone get charged, then, or something, or something? She is going to be charged with domestic violence. Oh, my gosh. And, but that's, I know that, that's hard to hear, but that's the reality of the situation, and I'm glad that it wasn't worse, because, like, what if she grabbed, like, she was throwing stuff at you, and damaging your property, and, like, what if, yeah, what if the off chance that she grabbed a kitchen knife, like, it's already clear that she wasn't thinking straight, right? Normally, normally in your relationship, it's lovey-dovey, hoggy-dory, right? But in this specific case, that can't be ignored, what if she wants to grab the knife, or something else, and it escalates again? So, the main thing is a reality check, saying, like, hey, that's not okay, and ignoring it's not going to help the problem, either. Like, you guys waking up tomorrow morning, and acting like it never happened, or having one little conversation, and maybe, like, a smack on the wrist, that doesn't typically help. Dude, I hear that. Before her arrest, Paul confirmed to officers she was not receiving mental health treatment.