Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline, Pauline! She's one of her own! You bet I am, mate. I am one of her own. Yeah, by all means, I love you too. That's why I've never given up. And I say to people, stand your ground. You have a right to have an opinion. We are Australians, be proud of it. Stand tall and strong. You know, I feel so many things that are going through me tonight. The last time I saw a crowd like this was when we won 11 seats in Queensland in 1998. And 1998, that's how long ago it was. I think the rest of Australia is going to be watching what's happening here tonight. And I think it's very important to see for Farah. And I also will set a strong team for Victoria. So if you're from Victoria, you're watching this, we're coming to support you down there. Stand candidates. And I see our State President, Warren Pickering, is here. And he's going to lead the team for Victoria. We've also got Stuart Bonds that is here tonight from New South Wales. So representation from all around Australia to support you. It has been a long battle, and I've had my ups and downs throughout the years. But with my other colleagues on the floor of Parliament and Federal Parliament, special Malcolm Roberts that's worked tirelessly with me over the period of time. And now we are joined by Sean Bell from New South Wales and Tyrone Whitton from Western Australia. And then we also have Barnaby Joyce has joined our team. Today it's not about Pauline Hanson. It's not about the members getting elected. It's the start of a new beginning for the people of South Australia and the people of Australia. It's for you, you the people, and to each and every one of you that has done countless hours or a couple of hours on a polling booth. Without you, we would never have got there. Because without your support, your hard work, and believing in us, that we have achieved what we have today. The vote, thank you. To all the people that have voted for One Nation, please believe me when I say you have got a strong leader in Corey Bernardi here in South Australia. Corey! Corey! Corey! Corey! Corey! You also have a very strong leader in this man Carlos Quimbero. We're number two. And hopefully we get the third one up with Rebecca Hewitt who will take the third position. We're hoping she will take a third position also. It is unsure where we will stand with the lower house seats. We don't know if we're going to have one, two, three seats. We're not sure of that. At where we are tonight, just to let you know, this is the low tide. Once they really get to look at the votes they've put aside as calling them informal, once they start to really sort them out, I believe that our vote will rise even more. So wait and see what happens next week. I will finish on this note. Peter Malinowskis, congratulations on your win. No, he did win his second term. But I will say to Peter Malinowskis, I'm still in South Australia now. I am leaving tomorrow to go to Canberra to continue my duties. But guess what mate, I'm leaving you some landmines. For One Nation Members of Parliament. So I suggest don't step on them because they will explode. And that's what we're here for. To ensure you get good representation, good government, with a good opposition, which you have not had in this state for a long time. And that's going to come with One Nation. To each and every one of you, have a wonderful night. Thank you very much for your support. And take care. Bye bye. Thank you.