I have a prediction with marketing and AI in 2026 and beyond is that AI is going to create a lot of entrepreneurs because, primarily, millennials are already in a great career crisis and below us all the Gen Z-ers. We don't want to work 40 hours a week for somebody. I don't want to help somebody build their dream life. I want to take care of my body. I want to hang out with my friends. I want to hang out with my family. I want to do all these things. And cloud and cloud coding, the things that it's able to do right now and it's advancing so fast, it's able to replace some of the tasks that really do take me a long time. However, it will never replace me for my clients. And my clients have said this. My clients hire me for fractional CMO hours. It's 10, 20, or 40 hours a month depending on what they need. I'm able to help them with anything. Marketing, miscellaneous tasks, radio, TV, outdoor, campaign planning, whatever that they need, I'm able to help them. But they say to me time and time again, it's like, Celeste, the way that you're so passionate about my business, the way that you care about my business, the way that you know these little tasks and these little things about me as a person, as a human, and the way that you're able to tell people, like our vendors, that that's not going to work because you know me, that's irreplaceable for me. And AI is not going to learn that. Maybe one day it'll get there. I genuinely don't know. I don't think anybody knows. But it's not there yet. I'm consistently having to remind AI, like, no, that's not right, and things like that. And it comes back to me and says that, oh, no, you're right. It's not. Blah, blah, blah. Whatever. You know, you've been there, I'm sure. It's not going to replace people. But I definitely think marketing is changing. And I think the agency life is going to change. I think in five years, these large agencies are probably not going to be a thing. And there's going to be more solopreneurs also working together. And we're going to build businesses in tandem to give our clients the best results, but without having to work those crazy agency hours and also be able to live our life. It is shifting right before our eyes. And I kind of like it.