Pep Guardiola, you are the GOAT. You are the greatest to ever do it. Don't tell me about Silas Ferguson. Do not tell me about Jose Mourinho. Don't tell me about Ancelotti. None of them are greater than Pep Guardiola. This is the GOAT. The whole world of football was relying on him. To stop Bastard from winning an unprecedented quadruple. No Premier League team has ever done it but the Pep Guardiola. He stepped up. He stepped up. They doubted him. They called you finished. Only me before this match, I said that Pep Guardiola will deliver. I begged him. Did you see football today? Pressure. You were playing Arsenal at half-field. Pep Guardiola went into his inner rockers. I said it is not on my head you will win quadruple. No. I'm the one that taught you walk. And I will determine when you win the trophy. I will choose when you win that trophy. It's not your time. You can win that Premier League. You can win the Champions League. But instead of quadruple, you cannot win it. All of us have failed at winning that quadruple. Are we stupid people? Are we stupid people? Pep is the GOAT. 19 trophies in England. In less than 10 years. Who has done it? Five Carabao Cups. And all of you are doubting him. Talking rubbish about him before the final. Saying he doesn't have a chance. I told you guys. Did you see the football? This is Prime Pep Guardiola. For all of you doubting, if you had gone to the bowling market and invested, do you know the kind of money that you would have made? Man City had only a 28% chance before the match. Even though the statisticians were doubting them. Some of us went there and put our sweat and money on the line. And we are celebrating. Go to bowlingmarket.com right now and register with my promo code. And start enjoying. Doubt Pep Guardiola. Talk nonsense. Disrespect this man. Respect the GOAT. Respect the GOAT. I have told you guys several times. He is the GOAT. How many people can come to England and do what he has done? Won a domestic quadruple. Sorry. Won a domestic treble. Won a normal treble. Won Man City's first ever champion league. Won four Premier League titles in a row. Domination. And even in his worst of years, he still came out with a trophy. Respect Pep Guardiola. Nico O'Reilly, you beautiful boy. How many managers can do what he has done? Nico O'Reilly started his career as a midfielder. Pep took him to the left back today. And he still scored two goals. Which managers are bold enough to do this kind of thing like Pep? When he fails, they call him a clown. When he works, he's hard-headed as a genius. Respect Pep. Today, I understood why Rodri won that Ballon d'Or. This is what you call a maestro. He was dictating everything. He was controlling Man City players like puppets. I've never seen such domination like this. To dominate this current has nothing like this in the second half. It is madness. I don't understand Ateta and his sentiments. You have not won a trophy in how many years? And you are starting a backup goalkeeper. Even without Kepa today, Arsenal team deserved to lose. They were outplayed. Look at Chekki. Chekki's performance today made me annoyed as Lorient Vets. This is what I want to see from you. Doku, a problem and a half. All the centre-backs. Pep did not have his two starting centre-backs, Ruben Diaz and Gehi. Still delivered. Without Donnarumma, Trafford turned up in that first half. Everybody delivered their polling unit. No quadruple. No quadruple. Manchester City.