The S&P 500 just broke under its 200 day moving average. I'm Will and welcome back to your weekly stock market prep. Let's talk about everything you need to know headed for this upcoming week. So last week wasn't the greatest with the fourth consecutive weekly loss in the S&P 500 and we've officially closed under the 200 day moving average now. And this is a really important level because a lot of institutional buyers use this as a stop loss zone, but also it's like a line in the sand for determining whether or not the stock market is bullish versus bearish. In terms of a reversal in the coming weeks, I'm looking for a large breath buying candle in the overall markets and a user on X classifies it really well when he wants to see at least a thousand stocks move at least 4% or more in just one single day, because this will effectively print a large bullish engulfing candle showing you a lot of buyers stepped in at these levels. Shouldn't be the sole indicator for a potential bottom because there are other factors that need resolution like the straight up from use escalation, but also clarity on the economy, because speaking of the economy to add gasoline to the fire, the most recent dot plot update from the FOMC meeting showed that we're anticipated to have only one rate cut this year with seven of the 19 fed members actually wanting zero for this year. And after this recent Friday's close, the market's basically pricing in zero rate cuts. This week's data could tell the same story or even a worse one with PMI on Tuesday, unemployment claims on Thursday. And then finally the university of Michigan consumer sentiment on Friday. And honestly, the real fear here is stagflation where our economy sees stagnant growth, but high unemployment and high inflation. So to wrap it all up, this is another week to play defensive. There's no point in trying to be hero and timing the bottom, but rather wait for the market to signal to you a potential bottom that is actually forming. So that could, for example, be from that large buying candle from the markets. Once we see resolution, either the economy, but also the straight up from use. Now you're all caught up and ready for the week. Make sure to follow from our weekly stock market breakdowns.