City have won the Carabao Cup and the quadruple is off the table for Arsenal. Nico Rielly, the Mancunian, was the hero of the day, scoring a brace. What a season he is having, a top, top left back, one of the best young players in the world. And that second goal especially, he took it so well, it was beautifully worked. But it was a really poor performance from Arsenal. I think they were only really in the game for the first 15 minutes, where they were the better team. City were very much boxed in and they couldn't keep the ball whatsoever. James Trafford pulled off that incredible triple save. But after that, City really got a foothold in this game and dominated. They mounted so much pressure on Arsenal, they created the better chances. And Arsenal defended really well up until that Kepa mistake. But they weren't hurting City in any way, shape or form in transition. Arsenal's attack were very toothless today. Diokre got manhandled by Kusanov, who was absolutely brilliant. By the way, his defensive recoveries are ridiculous, man. He's so strong, he's rapid. And he just dealt with Diokre every single time they were in a duel. Xhaka was way off it once again today. Trossard wasn't in the game whatsoever either. Madawaka is the best option Arsenal have out wide, because he injects pace, he injects a bit of dynamism, something that those two wingers don't have. When Madawaka came on, it was too little too late. The first goal was obviously down to Kepa. In hindsight, Kepa shouldn't have started. He did have a good tournament leading up to the final, in all fairness to him. But in a game like this, in a final like that, you have to play your first keeper. You have to play David Araya. In all fairness, City played Trafford, not Djidjo, but Trafford is better than Kepa, so that's that. At the same time, had Arsenal played right, that first mistake would not have happened. But don't get it twisted, Arsenal were still really, really poor today. And that meant the world to Pep. Pep was elated. You saw the reactions after both goals. That is huge for them. City have been a couple yards behind Arsenal all season so far, but that win is massive for them mid-season. Will it affect Arsenal too much? I don't think so. I think the Premier League is still Arsenal's, and they are still very much the favourite with a 90% chance of winning it, so that should be theirs. But in these cup competitions, in those one-off games against teams with experience in winning, it's always tough. That's why the FA Cup and of course the Champions League will not be a walk in the park for Arsenal, despite their favourable run. That's what this Arsenal team lacks, experience, the know-how to get over the line in these big matches. And their game plan was very much flawed today, and they were just outclassed by City. But let me know in the comments what you think about the game and click that follow button as well if you haven't already.