Premier League, shame on us. Big shame on us. This same Barcelona that wanted to take Newcastle to life, wanted to finish them, pipe them 7-2 at the Camp Nou, is the same Barcelona that Israel Velkano today wanted to collect their own life. They just won by a very mere margin, 1-0. What kind of shame is this? Since this quarter and this round of 16 of Champions League started, to this point, there has been shame upon shame for the Premier League. I don't understand. How is it this same Barcelona that wanted to take Newcastle to life? And I'm sure Newcastle has spent maybe 10 or 20 times more than Israel Velkano. It's the same... I predicted 4-0. I thought Barcelona would pipe these guys 4-0 at the very least because at the Camp Nou, they have been spotless, they have been flawless, and up to now, they are still flawless. But if you watch this game today, Barcelona just won by a mere whisker, very, very close margin. Newcastle went open leg, Jakarta. In the space of 45 minutes, they conceded four goals again. 7-2. What a big shame, man. What a big shame. I see many Barcelona fans complaining about the performance, and yes, it was not a good performance, but there's what we call performance of champions. This is how you know you are going to win La Liga. When you don't play well, when your players don't perform, when your players don't turn up, but you still find a way to win. And that was the one that turned up today with Tejeda. And Juan Garcia. With any other goalkeeper in that post, Barcelona lose that match today. Like, lose at... Or at the very least, they get a draw, Real Velkano. At the very least, this guy was making save after save, save after save. I know we're talking about this guy, people will say, oh, it's because he's playing in La Liga League. I mean, La Liga, Fraud League, this and that. No, this brother has been world-class. A revelation of his signing. And you need this kind of players. That's why as a big team, you spend more money than smaller teams. Or you get access to bigger players than smaller teams. Because this is what they do. They do special stuff. And this was a special performance today. If Real Madrid had... I mean, Barcelona had draw points today, Real Madrid would have at least closed that gap, man. If Real Velkano did their job well and finished properly. But then I look at La Liga and I keep saying that I see Barcelona as La Liga favourites. And Polymarket backs me. Polymarket right now is giving Barcelona an 84% chance of winning La Liga. 84%! It's over now. Now it's easy money, at least. You go see some high percentages. So just go to Polymarket right now, register by promo code ADKA, A-D-I-K-A, so that you can trade whether you believe Barcelona will win La Liga or lose La Liga. It's your choice. But me, I genuinely think that they will win it. At this point, it's getting too late. When you can drop performances like this and still take the three points, that's what makes it special. Pedri Gonzalez, what a midfielder. Another masterful and wonderful performance. Even on the days when Barcelona are not shining, Pedri maintains that high level. Araujo too. I think Barcelona fans, you need to give this guy an apology and praise him for what he has done in recent games. At least in the last three games, he has been decent when called upon. The front line, I don't think anyone did particularly well. From Rafinha to Yamaha, to all these guys, they didn't do well. Cancelo too got another assist today. And I said it, when Barcelona don't have money, they do smart business. Because Cancelo was very smart business. Another assist today. But then again, this was what you call a performance of champions.