Why am I seeing this on Kalshi? Do y'all even know what that governor has done to his state? Besides telling black people that he, too, can't read? Well, Nick Shirley exposed the abysmal fraud taking place there and here are a few of his findings. Apparently there's been a 1,000% explosion in the number of licensed hospices in L.A. County. Where there used to be about 160, there are now 1,500. And now maybe you're wondering, why would that be? Are there more sick old people? No. No, there are not. There are minimal changes in the population or their end-of-life care needs. People have simply figured out how to scam Medicare, Medicaid, and Medi-Cal. That's California's Medicaid program and it's supposed to provide low-cost health coverage to poor people, poor families, seniors, elderly folk, people with disabilities, etc. So what people are doing are opening fake hospices in empty buildings, stealing seniors' Medicaid numbers or Medi-Cal numbers, enrolling fake patients, billing the government for care that does not exist, and then spending that money on luxury cars. Ha ha ha! In 2021, California providers received 15% of all national Medicare hospice payments. And Medi-Cal alone, spending reached $157 billion last year. So Nick Shirley investigated dozens of these hospices that were all listed under the same address. And these addresses would just lead him to abandoned buildings and strip malls. Like this Van Nuys building, where 100 hospices and home health agencies were registered at once. One woman in the video said that stealing someone's Medicaid number is more valuable than stealing a credit card. Because once you're over 65, you're assigned a number. And then you can bill services to the government. And fraudsters are paying people to give them their Medicaid number, so they can use them to get free money. Wow! Nick discovered $170 million in specific fraud. He'd go to a hospice center and find that either it was completely abandoned or that one or two people were working there and they often, or pretty much 100% of the time, refused to help him. This is all insane. California's government debt exceeds $1 trillion. They're projecting an $18 billion budget deficit this year. And a good chunk of the taxpayer dollars are being wasted on fake hospices and daycare centers. And meanwhile, instead of tackling this fraud issue, he spent $100 billion on a train that was never built, another $100 million on a wildlife crossing that leads to nowhere, and nearly $50 billion on a homeless program that's only gotten worse. No thanks. No thanks.