I will say this to you at the election. At the election, you have to be sensitive. You have to be careful. Especially when you are a politician. You have to be interested. You have to be interested. You have to know that you are in the house. You have to know what you are interested in. You have to be interested in politics. Because there are politicians who are very... They are very good. You have to know what you are interested in. You have to know what you are interested in. This is what we want from you, Mr. President. But remember this. If you don't know what you are interested in, who is going to help you? Who is going to help you? So we have to be careful. We have to be careful. For us to organize this election, we have to be peaceful. We have to be transparent. At the election, everyone has to be recognized. This is what we have to do.  Mr. President, may God helps him. He's not going to stop in the middle. He can go on for another 30 years, it seems like it. He will last 22 years. He will go on for 22 years. Would you say he will last 22 years? Is that what you think of? What is 22 years worth? Is that what you think of? What is he going to change? Mr. President, if he comes back, in three years, I will be here for 10 years. Is that what you think of? I can't do anything. I have been here for three years. If he comes back in three years, I will say, let him stay for three years. Let him. If he comes back in three years, I will say, let him stay for three years. God will tell him that. I am not God. But I believe that God will tell him what he has to do before he dies. But if he comes back, I will work here knowing that if I die, I will tell him that he can't come back. He has to come back. He has to die. No matter how long. He has to die. But no matter how long, he has to die. No matter how long, he has to die. No matter how long, he has to die. I will tell him, I will stay here, that is my promise. I will stay here, that is my promise. After I become president, in 2006, in 2016, 10 years, I will stay here. I will stay here, that is my promise. If I die, I will come back. 2 days, 3 days, 4 days, 5 days, I will come back. I will stay here. Thank you.