Oh my god, I'm sitting in the car park at Harris Farm. We got home from Movie World, look at my hair, and I'm literally just sitting on the lounge chilling like we just walked in, took shoes off, sat on the lounge, and then I've gone, oh my god, I just remembered I bloody snaveled a Harris Farm Too Good To Go bag last night, completely forgot about it because I didn't think it would be months until I would get one, but I managed to get one, and then we went to Movie World spur of the moment this morning. Anyway, I've managed to get my daughter a Too Good To Go bag. I had five minutes to get here, and I did it. I had to be here by 3.45. I got here at 3.44. Let's have a look and see what we got. Alright, so I had a quick sneaky peek. So the last one she got was really awesome. It had like the milkman's cookie, the salted caramel cookies, it had blueberry pancakes, choc banana bread, and what else, it had something else. I can't remember, but it was really cool. Anyway, this one she got a loaf of bread, which I was surprised she didn't get a loaf of bread last time, so that's good because she doesn't have any bread at the moment. She got some bagels. I literally bought myself bagels yesterday. How cool would it be though if they did a gluten free edition? That would be awesome because they get really cool gluten free stuff there. English muffin, sourdough, spiced English muffin, spiced fruit. That's pretty cool. And, oh, cinnamon scroll, yum. So I think that's pretty good. Like the last one she got obviously had like a lot of treats sort of stuff in there. This one will be really useful to get her through the week for like lunches and you know like brekkies and stuff like that and then obviously a sweet treat. I don't think she needed a second sweet treat because she's still got stuff from the last one. But yeah, as I said, how cool. I think I can petition to do a gluten free edition. Like even if it's just one bag, I don't know. I just think they should do one, but anyway, pretty stoked with that. As I said, I was shocked that I managed to get another one. Yeah, anyway, off home to give it to her.