They don't see, they don't hear, and they don't talk about trophies. Arsenal. Basically, I don't talk about other clubs than my clubs. Except if it's things that can be really interesting. But here, for once, it seems really interesting, guys. This team that was possibly doing the quadruple, the best team in the world. The FC Corner, like Kevin Namiby's brother said. There, strangely, I only saw 2-0. And yeah, it's in the money time that you have to be good. It's not at the start of the season, it's not in the middle of the season. It's when the city in front of you arrives that you have to do head-to-head. Make videos here and there. And yeah, that's what I saw. When the city in front of you arrives, there are few people. No historical quadruple for Arsenal. And then, they'll go out in Carabao Cup or FA Cup, I don't know what. We're not going to say a historical triple. Because the only thing they can win this season is the Premier League. Of course, they're going to win it. They're going to make a bit of noise. It's normal. We're going to leave them that joy. But winning something else, the Champions League, it's dead. FA Cup, it's dead. We already know that. And yet, they want to sell us this coach like what? Like a coach of light. He understood that the only thing he could do was win matches on Corner. He's going to win this season. But next season, it's over. His masquerade of pushing the goalkeeper and putting him goals in his head. It's over. We see it. Most clubs are playing in the same way as them. So inevitably, there will be changes that will be made in the world of football. And when you have to win against a team that plays with the ball, strangely, all the English teams come out of the Champions League. Because football will always reign, guys. We have proof. Football will always reign. We've come to the point where Ryan Shirky thought he was at City in Lyon. He thought he was at Villeurbanne. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. It upsets Pep Guardiola. It's mostly upset Arsenal players. They're better. They made a mistake. But it puts a little bit of a bomb in the heart. That's football in the end. Do you realize? As a supporter of United, I managed to be happy with a final victory for Manchester City. So much that Arsenal makes fun of everyone. We're all happy that Arsenal is lost. So much that Arsenal makes fun of everyone. Like, there's not a single team in the world that doesn't win titles and is hated by everyone except for Arsenal. It's crazy. Basically, we hate Barca, Real, City, PSG for reasons that are specific to a lot of people. But to hate Arsenal because they're out of the game, without winning anything, that's a first. It's unprecedented. And then what are we going to say? That it's the best team in the world? There's no one better than Vitinha. There's no one. When you're asked to be decisive in moments, there's no one left. That's how it is. You have to stop doing posts, TikToks, tweets, videos, I don't know what. We judge when it's important. Otherwise, the rest, you can put it in your ass. Really. And Pep Guardiola, he agrees to lose against everyone with his Philippe Patek on his wrist. He agrees to lose against everyone except for the number one joker he had as a coach. As an assistant coach. He gets beaten by everyone. Even Michael Karrick came to beat him. But to lose against him, he doesn't want to. Thank you, Pep.