The municipal election is marked again by a record abstention, with less than 60% participation. This is, outside of COVID, the lowest participation for a municipal election in the Fifth Republic. This confirms the profound democratic crisis that our country is going through, and the absolute need to found a new republic, as we have been proposing for years. In this context, the breakthrough of the lists of La France Insoumise, already observed for the first round, is all the more remarkable. Tonight, in view of the first results that come to us, this breakthrough is confirmed, amplified and reinforced again. Thus, at the time we speak, and after Saint-Denis and its 150,000 inhabitants in the first round, lists led by La France Insoumise have already won the city of Roubaix and its 100,000 inhabitants, and the city of Tampon-à-la-Réunion and its 80,000 inhabitants. Other victories will follow in the evening. In all states of cause, La France Insoumise makes a striking entry into the municipal councils. In a more general way, we are witnessing a clear-cut wave, with the defeat announced by several parties, notably those of the Socialist Party or the Ecologists. The popular disavowal in the first round was far too strong for La France Insoumise, which has worked everywhere for the victory of the left, to allow its victory in the second round. In contrast to this retreat of the traditional left, the left of rupture is reinforced with La Perce Insoumise and the victory of the list led by the Communist Party in Nîmes. It is a great disavowal for all those who in recent weeks have multiplied the slander against La France Insoumise and its candidates. I want to thank all our candidates who have never responded to these provocations. I want to salute the clairvoyance and determination of all the electors and voters who have consciously chosen, far from the controversies that our opponents have tried to pin to hide the vacuity of their projects. This mobilization is a real demonstration of political strength, decisive in the preparation of the next presidential election. Tonight, Macronie is on the verge of disappearance. Traditional parties are taking the lead. And if the National Assembly remains at a high level, it fails to win it in the cities it had targeted as its priorities. So I want to send a message of determination, resistance and combativeness. Next year, the French people will be brought to vote again for a presidential election that will undoubtedly be the most decisive in recent decades. With La France Insoumise, they have a powerful tool, entirely devoted to the cause of the people. A tool that has already allowed a new political generation to enter the municipal councils, turning the page of the political system upside down. Tonight, we have demonstrated that nothing can resist popular mobilization. This is why I call on the people of France to join our side in the prospect of the next presidential election. Next year, the new France can sweep away Macronie and its unfortunate policies. Next year, the new France can fight the far right. Next year, we can open a new page in the history of France. Because, as Victor Hugo said, there is something more powerful than all the armies of the world.