Sure, if you look at raw numbers and you just go through how many people voted in 2012 and then how many people voted in 2016 and then you notice 2020 had a giant spike in it. It's real easy to think. Holy shit Something's going on here, right and especially when 2024 that number went down But you have to think back to what was going on in 2020 and in 2020. We were in the middle of a pandemic We were telling everybody don't go out. Don't socialize. Don't get around other groups of people, right? So people didn't want to go out and be standing in line around a bunch of people that could kill them So we made it easy for everybody We said everybody can request a mailing ballot and we'll let you do it all from home, right? And when you make things easy for people you're gonna have more turnout It's no matter what that is, right? You say hey, we're gonna have you shovel shit today And if you make that process easy and you make it complicated, you're gonna have more people show up for the easy process, right? and also People are lazy. There's a lot of people that if you're gonna make them go to the polls to vote They're never gonna go out never gonna do it They're not gonna waste their time go standing in line to vote. But if you let them do it from home a Lot of people will participate and I feel like every election year We should just send everybody goddamn ballot You get your ballot if you're registered when you go online and you do something and everyone should be allowed to do this so we can Get maximum participation But Republicans do not want maximum participation because what happened that year that it was a giant spike and good participation Donald Trump lost by 7 million votes and he hasn't shut up since and he's convinced a bunch of idiots that it was because of Illegals were voting. Why didn't they vote in 2024 then? Where were they? They took time off? It doesn't make any sense. Clearly it makes sense that we made it easy to vote in 2020 And that's why there was a huge turnout that year