Nebraska, we have to talk about the state budget. Last year, the state was in a deficit of $400 million. This year, it's in a deficit of $600 million, and the projections are already that next year, it'll top over $800 million in the red. When Nebraska came out of the pandemic, we had a surplus. We had a surplus of $1.9 billion, and just two or three years time, now we are bleeding for cash. Now, the governor's office would tell you to ignore your eyes and ignore your ears, and that we're rich, that we don't have to worry about our state budget, that we can just keep rating savings, and that eventually, it'll all work out. That is a fiscally irresponsible message. That is the wrong way to manage a budget, and we need something different in the legislature and in leadership in Nebraska. The state legislature decided coming out of the pandemic that it wasn't going to invest in economic growth, it wasn't going to invest in working Nebraskans, but it was gonna do a few things. It was gonna build a new prison for over $400 million. It was going to work on building a canal out in Colorado, which it's now fighting in the United States Supreme Court. It is going to cut corporate taxes and income taxes for the top earners. The state made its priorities. A budget is a moral document, and it shows where your allegiances lie. In terms of our states, the allegiances of state lawmakers lie with the prison industry. They lie with corporations and making sure that they're able to get off with a new tax break. They don't lie with working Nebraskans. We are now in this budget deficit, and lawmakers are looking around for piles of money and programs that they can cut. So they raided the Veterans Aid Fund. The Veterans Aid Fund is a fund created by the state that helps veterans come back and re-assimilate into civilian life. It helps veterans who have PTSD, who are suffering from disabilities due to their service. They went after services for disabled Nebraskans, even disabled kids. They went after the Department of Health and Human Services and our Medicaid funds that ensures the most vulnerable Nebraskans are able to go to the doctor and get the healthcare that they need. Our state lawmakers have the wrong budget priorities. We need to balance our budget, but that means addressing the structural deficit. That means going back and creating a tax code that's fair, that doesn't overwhelmingly burden working Nebraskans, but asks corporations and the wealthy to pay their fair share, and protects the essential services that Nebraskans rely on, that are veterans, that are disabled, that our kids rely on in this state. I'm running for the state legislature and legislative district too, because we need a change in our state's politics. Make sure to vote in the May 12th primary. And if you live in Cass County or Eastern Lancaster County, my name, Jaden Speed, will be on your ballot this May.