He's now to the war in Iran. President Trump with a new deadline to open the Strait of Hormuz. But Iran is defiant, promising to retaliate, and escalating the attacks against Israel. The dramatic images coming in tonight from across the region. ABC's Tom Soufi-Burge reports from Jerusalem. Tonight, President Trump giving Iran a 48-hour ultimatum amid escalating Iranian attacks on Israel. Writing on True Social, Trump warning Iran if it doesn't fully open without threat the Strait of Hormuz within 48 hours, the US will hit and obliterate their various power plants, starting with the biggest one first. It seems we are at an inflection point because the president has put a very precise day and time at when the Strait needs to be open. And if it's not open, the threat is to take out the electrical grid within Iran. That kind of threat probably has to be met if the Iranians don't agree to open the Strait. It comes after the US orders thousands more Marines and sailors on board amphibious landing ships to the region. The Marines themselves don't have the ability to clear the Strait. What you need to clear the Strait is the ability to take out all the coastal defenses, to include the fast boats that the Iranians use to attack shipping. And as the president threatens a major escalation, Iran ramping up attacks on Israel. Dramatic video showing an Iranian ballistic missile slamming into the city of Dimona in southern Israel. Nearby soon after, a second Iranian direct strike in the city of Arad. Both missiles breaching Israel's high tech multi-layered air defenses and both hitting residential districts. Look at the way the blast ripped away the facade of that building. The missile hit here right in amongst these residential blocks. We're told dozens of people, families, were inside at the time. This could have been much worse. Those two attacks happening near to a nuclear research center linked to Israel's undeclared nuclear weapons program. Israeli officials saying more than 120 injured in multiple Iranian strikes in the past 24 hours. And tonight, Pope Leo yet again urging a ceasefire, calling the war scandal to the whole human family. While in Florida, Major Cody Cork, one of 13 Americans to have died in the Iran war, was this weekend laid to rest. Lindsay, tonight Iran accusing President Trump of, quote, delirious threats. Iranian officials rebuffing Trump's demand to reopen the Strait of Hormuz. And that 48 hour ultimatum from President Trump set to expire on Monday night. Lindsay? Tom and Jerusalem for us. Thank you.