If there was one video that you needed to watch to understand prediction market platforms like calcium poly market, this would be it. If you don't have the attention span of a two-year-old in two to three minutes, I'm going to explain everything that you need to know about how these platforms work, how they compare to each other, how they're different than sports betting platforms or day trading. And the more you understand these platforms, the easier it is to find a strategy that actually works. So let's get right into it. Prediction market platforms like calcium poly market are a peer to peer exchange where you can essentially bet and buy positions on what's going to happen in different situations. So in the same way that you could bet on the Lakers or the Celtics in a sporting game, you can bet on yes or no for Trump to say immigrant at his next speech. Now for every share that you buy, it's going to pay you out a dollar. So if you buy a share for 10 cents, if you win, you'll make a 90 cent profit. And if you buy a share for 90 cents and it resolves to a win, you'll make a 10 cent profit. So the lower price shares are less likely to happen and the higher price shares are more likely to happen. Now it's a little bit more complicated than this, but functionally these platforms are peer to peer. Meaning if I want to buy this share at 40 cents, there has to be someone on the other side who was willing to sell that to me. So just like on the stock market, you have market makers and market takers. So on these platforms, you can do two different types of orders. You can create a limit order where you stake liquidity and say, Hey, I'm willing to buy this share at this price. And by doing this, you save on fees. When someone comes around and says, Hey, yeah, I'll take that at that price. Or you can just come in as a buyer and take from someone who has a limit order and pay a little bit more fees, but execute a trade immediately. Now, when it comes to strategy, it's really important to understand volume and how this affects different markets and how this affects getting different payouts at different price points. For example, let's say you want to lock in a position for who is going to be the president of the United States in 2028. There's going to be like 30, 40, 50, a hundred million dollars in total volume being traded on different candidates. But if you want to vote, who's going to be voted out next tonight on this one episode of Survivor, there could only be 20 to $30,000 of volume, meaning it's not possible to put a $50,000 bet on a market that only has $30,000 of total volume. And if you do want to place a big bet on a market that has low volume, you're going to get what's called slippage. Meaning there's not going to be enough people offering to sell shares for how much you want to buy at that price. So you might want to buy $10,000 at 50 cents a share, but there's not even close to being $10,000 worth of shares on the market maker side. So you would have to buy all the shares at 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, all the way up to 70 or whatever, to get that total volume of $10,000 that you're putting out, which ultimately would affect your payout and slip a little bit on how much you'd make. Now, depending on your strategy, some other benefits to using prediction market platforms compared to trading or sports betting platforms is they are open 24 seven. They don't close on the weekends and for sports betting, they never freeze the lines. They never lock the bets. So you can't place a bet towards the end of the game. Or if someone hits a walk-off Homer with prediction markets, if you can just act faster than someone else, you can, a lot of times steal liquidity on something that you shouldn't be able to. For example, if you're out of game live and someone hits a knockdown three to win the game, someone hits a walk-off Homer, someone gets knocked out at a UFC fight. A lot of times, if you can just place in a position at 10 seconds before everyone else even sees it live on television, you can literally steal all those limit orders and make pretty much guaranteed money. And again, these markets are open 24 seven, but you also don't have to hold your shares until resolution. If I buy Gavin Newsom to be the 2028 presidential nominee for 2028, let's say 20 cents a share. And over the course of the next three months, long before 2028, those shares go from being worth 20 cents to maybe 60 cents. I can just go sell those shares and make a 200% profit. You don't have to wait for the resolution to get the payout. These are some of the main key points to understand about prediction markets compared to other platforms. Maybe this video was a little bit all over the place, but hopefully you learned something new from watching this video. If you're still watching, I can tell that you're interested in prediction markets to watch a three minute and 32nd video about them. So if you're still watching, follow my page, because all I do is post free content like this. That's going to educate you and help you make more money on these platforms.