was never a contest of who would win, but rather by how much. And South Australia has delivered Labor's Peter Malinowskis the biggest election victory in the state's history. But for the first time, there's a flash of orange in the Red Sea of Parliament. Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party achieving its best result anywhere in Australia for decades. And the country is on notice. A morning of formalities after a night of festivities. It is early, but it is done. At this time, nine projects. The election is won by Labor. The Mallee machine rolls on. Now we find an opposition. Peter Malinowskis leading Labor to a historic win, turning more seats red than ever before. One more year! One more year! One more year! One more year! It's very important that no one confuses tonight's result as adulation. Instead, we should see it as only being an invitation. An invitation to continue to work our guts out for the next four years. Four years, probably eight, with potentially a new sparring partner. But I will say to Peter Malinowskis, I'm still in South Australia now. I am leaving tomorrow to go to Canberra to continue my duties. But guess what, mate? I'm leaving you some landmines. They're called One Nation Members of Parliament. While most of the state went to the polls supporting Labor, more than one in five South Australians backed One Nation at the ballot. Pauline's party overtaking the Liberals as the second most popular in the state. It's the day after an election campaign which I think has changed South Australian politics forever. One Nation on track for at least two seats in the lower house and at least another two in the upper house. David Payton, the Adelaide Plains Council Deputy Mayor, winning the seat of Ngajiri, the party's first lower house seat won at an election outside of Queensland. The Orange Army's success in SA now looking to take on the rest of the nation. The world's changed and people got to realise it. Started in South Australia, next stop Faroe, then Victorian elections and we'll just keep growing and growing and growing. New soldiers to fight against the One Nation Army standing by the Premier in Unley today. These candidates praised with turning metropolitan and Liberal seats red. Channel Nine has called Colton for Labor. That seat of Colton won by Aria Bulkus who lost her father, long-serving SA Senator Nick Bulkus during her campaign. Wasn't easy, I'm not going to say it was easy but just made me work harder to be honest. That hard work's only just begun. Gus McDonald, Nine News. Despite the election being decided, ballots are still being counted in many seats which are too close to call. State politics reporter Gus McDonald joins us now and is across all the numbers. Gus, what is the state of play tonight? Well Will, the House has 47 seats and this is what it looked like before yesterday. Labor with 29 members, the Liberals with 13 and five Independents. After the results last night, the Labor Party will increase its majority to at least 32 and could gain as many as 35 seats. The Liberals, they have only four with slim hope they could add another three. And One Nation will join the lower house and could have as many as five. This is messy, the votes are still being counted and for some electorates, we won't know the result for days. Some seats are so close, we'll have to see where those preferences fall. The certainty however, is Labor has been emphatically returned for another term. It certainly has, thank you Gus. And there were winners, so there had to be a loser. And the Liberal Party lost spectacularly. As the results became clear, the Liberals were baying for blood. Not blaming current leader Ashton Hearn, but demanding an apology from disgraced former leader, David Spears. A warm cup of coffee the morning after a cold result. It's safe to say that the results last night were really tough for our party. Last night's loss, the Liberals' worst election defeat in South Australia's history. There'll be a lot of lessons that we need to learn as a team so that we can make sure that we can drive forward into the future towards 2030. As counting goes on, so too does a stunning trend. A sea of red taking over once blue seats. The Liberal Party now projected to finish up with only a handful. Former leader Vincent Tarzia losing his seat of Hartley to Labor MP, Jen Roberts. Three, two, one, and blast off. Thank you for your service, Vincent. Member for Heysen, Josh Teague, is only clinging to hope. The Mountain Hearn once said she was gearing up to climb, proving to be mission impossible. And sometimes the crop that you're growing doesn't produce the goods, but that doesn't mean you walk off the land. This isn't everyone sick of the status quo, this is everyone sick of you. There is some serious soul searching that has to go on in the Liberal Party, but there is a shift that has happened, particularly in the cities, that doesn't get addressed at all in that speech. Ashton Hearn left to do too much too late, with one of the fingers of blame pointed at David Spears. But David, there must be time for self-reflection, that the Liberal Party is suffering because of the rot that set in during your leadership and in the fallout of your leadership. It was pretty damn hard for Ashton to pick up the pieces at the 11th hour and get our message through. And David, I'd like you, at some point, to apologise to your colleagues for the chaos and drama that you have caused to South Australia. Look, I have apologised along the journey and I will continue to get alongside those colleagues, my former colleagues who have supported me along the way. But not from Parliament, his tilt as an independent in black backfiring. So, after a history-making collapse and barely 100 days to prepare, Ashton Hearn is backed by the Liberal Party to continue as leader. But political commentators say the pathway to recovery will be long and winning the primary vote could take a decade. So, we'll do some reflecting over the next little while.