Okay disclaimer, this is just for entertainment purposes. It's just a new technique that I'm using to kind of try to understand when exactly the US and Iran might have a ceasefire, but please understand that this is a standalone technique. Of course I have to compare it with other charts. Trump's chart, the US's chart, Iran's chart, and all of that. Okay so this is just looking at one technique. I just need to say that. So this is a technique called horary astrology. It's when you have a question, okay, and then you put that question here and you cast a chart for that question and the date and time is your where you are at currently. I'm in Bali so I'm putting Bali and the exact date and time where I understood the question fully. So if you have a client and you're casting a chart for their question, you have to put your location, not theirs. Okay so this is how it's done. Because I am a third party, okay, I'm not US, I'm not Iran, so the way I'm gonna analyze this chart will be different too. If you're casting a question for yourself as a first person, that will be a different method as well. So US is represented by the 9th house of foreign parties and countries. So as you can see, it's ruled by Cancer on the cusp. So its ruler is the moon. Just remember that first. And Iran is represented by the third house because seven houses from 9th, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, is derivative, okay, derivative houses. And 7th house is the house of open enemies and alliances and partnerships, but in this case it's definitely an enemy. So Iran is Capricorn ruled by Saturn. So remember that moon, US, Saturn, Iran. And in horary astrology, we always look at the moon, okay, it is the fastest moving luminary in the chart and it has to transfer its light from the ruler of the 9th to the ruler of Iran for there to be a resolution or ceasefire, okay, or some like agreement to stop fighting. However, the moon is currently in Taurus, it is exalted, it's in a good condition, it is in a 7th house, a very strong house, an angular house, and it's going to conjunct Uranus before it leaves Taurus. It is not going to sextile Saturn before it leaves Taurus. So it has to be in an applying aspect, a conjunction, a trine, or a sextile, which are more harmonious for there to be some resolution. But the sextile to Saturn is not going to happen while the moon is still in Taurus. And before it sextiles Saturn in Aries, which also by the way, it's not doing well in Aries, it's debilitated, Uranus is going to interfere first. So in horary astrology, there's this thing called an interfering planet, a third party, okay, it's going to disturb the moon's path to dance with Saturn. So the fact that Uranus is so chaotic and unstable and disruptive, whatever intention that the US has to negotiate or agree with Iran is going to fall apart because of Uranus' conjunction with the moon before it leaves Taurus. So by the time the moon sextiles Saturn at 4 degrees, exact, the moon has left a very nice exalted position where it's strong. The US position is strong, and it moved into a Caden house, which is a weaker house. And it's in Gemini now, it's no longer exalted. Gemini is also the sign of communication, scattered thinking, just ADHD, right? So there'll be a lot of talking, negotiations, but it's unlikely that they'll come to a decision in the coming few weeks. So if we calculate 1 degree for 1 unit of time from 18 degrees Taurus moon, which is 12 degrees to complete the Taurus sign, and another 4 degrees to reach this current Gemini state, so that's 16 degrees in total. So the fact that it's in a 6 house, which is a very slow house, and it's an immutable sign, in horary astrology, that usually represents weeks or months, okay? And because the moon traveled 16 degrees to its current position in Gemini, we're looking at 16 weeks or months. So if it's 16 weeks from the date of this chart, there might be a temporary pause, okay? There might be talks. However, it's probably not gonna last. Why? Because Saturn is in its fall in Aries. So it's not strong also. So even the meeting, whatever agreement, is not going to be the same conditions as it were when the moon was in Taurus, okay? The circumstances are completely different, and there might be new requirements involved. So I think the more realistic timeline is 16 months from this date. But like I said, because the moon had to cross signs for the sex style, the aspect to be met, there is this thing called frustration. It's a horary term, okay? You will usually have to look at the moon within that sign alone. The fact that it has to cross the boundary to form that harmonious applying aspect to Iran's ruler means that there's gonna be some sudden changes to the current negotiations because of Uranus' conjunction with the moon first, and it's not going to be under the same conditions. So strictly looking at just the Taurus moon when it was at 18 degrees and it has like 12 degrees remaining before it enters Gemini, if we just look at that, it means that the US is gonna abandon their line of thinking or reasoning, and something's gonna make them change their mind. So that's what I have for this particular technique. Just know that this is for entertainment purposes. I could definitely be wrong because I haven't looked at the other charts and cross-referenced with the rest. I just wanted to show you how horary astrology is done with something that everyone is thinking about right now.