Let's talk about morality. Is it a sign of the Conservative Party's moral decay that some of your colleagues were more interested in stuffing their own pockets by gambling on the day to the election than, uh, on helping hard pressed families hit by the cost of living? Well, I'm not in any way gonna defend people that, uh, placed bets on that, uh, it. There is an investigation, um, by the Gambling Commission, and, uh, we have been, you know, told very, very clearly that we are not to discuss the investigations. But the broad point is, what you do know is it's not just one or two people. But, as I say, this is. This is pretty far going. There's a lot of them, as far as one can make. That's not my understanding. There are a bunch of investigators. That's not my understanding. My understanding is that it is a small number of individuals and number of very highly placed individuals. But as I say, look, I'm not defending the party. Look, I'm not defending. I'm not defending the actions. It's inappropriate. But the Gambling Commission has got a role to play. It is playing that role. It's. Yeah, we are. We have been told that we should not discuss the details of this investigation, and so I'm gonna abide by the instructions of the Gambling Commission. Okay. You're confident, by the way, that none of your colleagues was involved in any of this? Your cabinet colleagues? Well, As I say, I've got no reason to believe any of them were at all. Um, the. Okay, as I say, the Gambling Commission has made it very, very clear we are not meant to discuss this. Okay? And so I'm gonna abide by that. Tell me why. What's really puzzling here? Um. Okay. Can. Can commission can what? Do what it wants to do. But the Prime Minister claim to be furious, but he says it's all gonna go through this process. Why doesn't he, like any other employee might do in this situation, call in the alleged offenders, ask them, did you place a bet or did you not place a bet? The answer is binary. It's either yes or no. And if the answer is yes, sack them, because that's the Gambling Commission's no role and responsibility. he's the prime minister. These people work for him. He can do whatever he wants. He can just say, if it were you, he'd say, James, tell me the truth. Did you or did you not? Well. And you, being an honest man, would say yes or no? Well, in the. In the, uh. I mean, the example of, uh, Craig. Craig Williams, Craig has said what he did and has put himself into the, uh. Into the hands of the investigators at the Gambling Commission. So, um, I don't know what other conversations I've had have been had. As I say, I don't necessarily know the, um. The. The process in detail. But the Gambling Commission is the appropriate body for this. They have said they're investigating, and they've also said that it's inappropriate for us to comment on what is alive. This is so weird. The man is the prime minister. He doesn't get told what to do by the Gambling Commission. No, we all. No, no, actually, Trevor, that's completely the opposite. The whole point of our system is that as politicians. No, we're not. There's no. There's. No one puts themselves above, um. No one puts themselves above the law. No one puts themselves above the. The. The appropriate authority to investigate this and. And the Gambling Commission is the appropriate authority. Uh, they are conducting investigation and we are abiding by the instructional law. It's not criminal.