This chart has over a million views on social media and I made it. This just compares all democratic candidates added together versus Donald Trump. The best estimate that the betting markets can come up with as to who is going to win the election. Basically what it says is that they think Donald Trump's chances of winning have shut up recently. He's plainly the favourite. They also, however, think they're still as high as a one in three chance that he doesn't get it. Betting markets are perhaps not quite as scurrilous or insulubrious or generally distasteful as they might sound. There a fairly straightforward way to place bets in the same way that you place bets in a future's market on the price of oil, for example, on given political outcomes. It's not generally financial financial people who are doing it, it's more people who are taking a really great geeky level of interest in politics, the market mechanism. People buy and sell. You're presented with 66% chance of Trump winning. Do I want to take the over? Do I want to take the under? Do. I think that's about right. Obviously Trump's chances have just improved. He didn't need betting markets to tell you that. I think it's the discipline of a betting market that is quite useful because they are still nowhere near 100%. We still have four months to go. Lots of things could have happened. There is the risk of the Democrats change the Election really radically by dropping Joe Biden. There's the fact if you look at the, uh, opinion polls, Trump is ahead. He's only had generally by two or three percentage points. He has never topped 48%. There is a very large body of people in the US who will not vote for him in any circumstances. That doesn't mean he can't win. He's already won once. It does mean that it's never really a sure thing that he can win. People ask why bother looking at prediction markets? Because of course, they can be wrong. The point is that they are as good an estimation of the probabilities that are embedded in real markets as we can find. If you want a good example of this, the prediction markets never thought that Brexit was going to win. Britain's Brexit referendum in 2,016. Britain really did vote to leave the EU. And indeed the reaction was about as dramatic as you could possibly imagine. The pounds dropped 10% against the dollar in about an hour. Nothing like that has ever happened to a major currency before. I do think the prediction markets are as good a guide as any to trying to make those cold blooded dispatch in its judgments about very moving, very emotive and upsetting events. I'm gonna keep watching the odds. I, I don't know of a better way of assessing exactly what probabilities, what, um, perceived risks are invaded out there. No, it's not perfect. Nothing is It's the best we have, and it is pretty good.