With less than 100 days to go until the 2024 election, Donald Trump has a 60% chance at winning the presidency, even though Democrats just replaced their nominee. And so in this video, we're going to be taking a look at the 2024 electoral map based on current betting odds in each of the 50 states. We're going to begin by filling in the solid states for both candidates. States that either Harris or Trump have over a 90% chance at winning. For Kamala Harris, she is going to win the states of Washington, Oregon, California, Hawaii, Colorado, Illinois, New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, the district of Columbia, and the 1st District of Maine by solid margins. According to current betting markets, she has an over 90% chance at securing a victory in these states. As for former President Trump, he is going to win in Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, all of Nebraska except the 2nd District, Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia, Indiana, as well as South Carolina, Alaska. And this is typically what you would expect solid red states to be. But we have a few additional safe states for Donald Trump because of just how well he is doing all across the map. He is also now the favorite to win Iowa and Ohio, with an over 90% chance in those states, as well as Texas and Florida. Florida, a state that was expected to go to President Biden Four years ago, Joe Biden was the favorite based on the betting markets to win the Sunshine State in 2020. And now it is a solid red state. And so with these solid states filled in for both candidates, Trump is already at almost the amount of electoral votes he won in the last election, 218 out of the 232 that he eventually came out with. Kamala Harris trails with just 191. We're now going to get into the likely states, states that either candidate has between a 70 to 90% chance at winning. These states are going to be more competitive, but one candidate still maintains a clear edge. Starting off with the first lean district for Donald Trump, we have the 2nd District of Maine, a district that is voted Republican in both of the last two elections. Donald Trump actually has an 89% chance at winning, so it's just barely outside of that solid range. While Kamala Harris is currently the favorite to win in New Mexico, five electoral votes in a state that is shifting away from Democrats as Hispanic voters are moving towards the Republicans. And New Mexico is the only state in the country with a Hispanic majority. The odds for