Trump is once again the favorite. According to Polly Markets 2024 Election Forecast, he has a 52% chance at returning to the White House, while Harris has just a 47% chance at being elected the next president. And so in this video, we'll be taking a look at the 2024 electoral map based on poly market state by state odds to see where Harris and Trump stand on the all important path to 270 electoral votes. We'll begin by filling in these solid states for both candidates. These are states where either Harris or Trump have a 95% chance or more of winning this November. And so, starting off with the safe blue states, we have Washington, Oregon, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, and most of the northeast, including New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, which barely made the 95% cut, as well as Delaware, Maryland, the district of Columbia and the First District of Maine. For Trump, he is going to easily carry Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, North and South Dakota, all of Nebraska except the 2nd District, Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia, Indiana and South Carolina. And so, with all the solid states filled in, Harris takes an early lead with 191 electoral votes to Trump at 1:22. But we still have many states to go over and Trump is going to receive a big boost from his likely states. Likely states are categorized by odds between 75 to 95% for either candidate. These states are going to Be significantly more competitive than the solid states, but either Harris or Trump still do maintain a noticeable advantage. And so, beginning with the likely blue states, we have Minnesota. This is governor Tim Walz's home state. Walz was recently chosen to be Harris's running mate. And looking at the graph, you can see just how low the odds went for Biden before he dropped out last month. In fact, at one point he had just a 56% chance at winning a state Democrats haven't lost since 1972. And so by choosing walls as her running mate, Harris has sort of avoided disaster in Minnesota. And that is why she is the favorite. She has a 94% chance of winning. Minnesota is going to be a likely blue state. We also have New Mexico, a state where Republicans are probably going to outperform their 2020 margin when they lost by nearly 11 points. Kamala Harris has a 91% chance at winning. Before Biden dropped out, the odds for Democrats in the state went down to just a 2 in three chance. And so as Hispanic voters continue to shift away from Democrats, they are going to have more and more trouble winning states like New Mexico, which have a Hispanic majority electorate. And so today Harris is the favorite, but she isn't in the most comfortable position.