What do you think at this point, if you were betting on the election, what kind of odds would you lay down for Harris versus Trump? So we have a model that's about 54 46 Harris. we have people on the show who are probably gambling knowledgeable. So fifty four, forty six is not quite fifty fifty, but it's probably effectively fifty fifty. In fact, there's one factor here. Um, you know, RFK junior most people think is gonna drop out of the race and endorse Trump, and that might shift things back to 50 50 or something like that instead. So I'm not. This is not a cop out. You can go and see what our model says. If it said 70 30 Trump or 70 30 Harris, I'd say that. But for the time being, it's really kind of a jump ball. A new broom sweeps clean, as my grandfather used to say. People sort of were on to Biden, and they got Harris, and they got sort of reinvigorated, I think, with Harris and then the convention and everything. So she's riding high. At a certain point, she's gonna have to do some sit down interviews, I suppose, and there's. There's some. Maybe some exposure. Look, I think she's been a better candidate than I would have thought. What I don't know is whether Trump will kind of get back on his game. I think Trump has been emphasizing the wrong themes when there are Obvious things like concerns about the economy. Immigration's a good issue for the GOP. She ran way to the left in 2,020. Um, and instead, he's been kind of, you know, putting out some information that's of dubious quality. You're talking about her race, whatever else. And so he was not prepared for the switch that Democrats made. And he should have been. If you have. If you're preparing for an NFL game and the team has a backup quarterback with a very different skill set, and you're not game planning for both, then you screwed up in your preparation. So they're catching up now. I think JD Vance has been negatively defined. That might be hard to undo. Um, but I imagine he'll have a better appearance than he's had so far in August.