President is doing better in Iowa and Ohio than Alaska. In Alaska's entire history as a state, and only voted blue once, in 1964 for Lyndon B. Johnson. Every other time since Alaska gained statehood, it has voted Republican. And so there's no doubt Trump is going to win it. his odds are just slightly lower in Alaska than in two other states that have only recently joined the Republican column. We also have the state of Texas, another state that it has a very long history of going Republican. The last time a Democrat won it was Jimmy Carter in 1976. And today Trump has an 89% chance at winning. There's no doubt he is going to win Texas in 2020. There are some talk that maybe Biden could pull off a victory here, but in the end it wasn't really that close. Trump still won by nearly six points. This time he's probably going to win by a double digit margin. The Lone Star State is also going to be likely red. The second largest state in terms of electoral votes. We also have Florida, which has the third largest at 30 electoral votes. State is no longer competitive. It used to be the ultimate battleground, the most important state in the country just because of how competitive it was. I mean, just look at the 2012 map. Florida was the only tilt state. And then in 2016 it was once again tilt in favor of Donald Trump. And so looking at the odds for Trump today, it's really surprising to see that he is an 86 percent chance at winning. He is the undoubted favorite to win the Sunshine State for a third time. He won it by an even larger margin in 2020 compared to 2016. And he's probably going to improve off of his margin four years ago once again at this November, winning the state by somewhere around seven to 10 points. Florida is going to be the last likely state on this map. And so we're now left with the seven key battleground states. These are the seven states that are talked about the very most. And with all the other states filled in. Donald Trump has 219 electoral votes. Kamala Harris at 226. Basically a dead heat before we get to these ultra competitive battlegrounds. Fortunately for Trump, though, he has a pretty strong grip on quite a few of them, especially the competitive states in the Sun Belt. I mean, Arizona, Georgia, and North Carolina. Since 1996, they've only voted for a Democrat once. For North Carolina, that was in 2008 with the election of Barack Obama. While for Georgia and Arizona, it was for Joe Biden in 2020. And so the only times that these states have gone to a Democrat were under very good circumstances. Person 2008, when George W. Bush was basically the most unpopular president in recorded history. And then in 2020, Donald Trump wasn't doing too well. Because of the economy. And basically, it was the year of COVID before the election. Costed Trump his second term. Now, today, that is not at all what is happening. Trump is in a much better position than he was in four years ago. Now Democrats are in power, and with inflation in the economy really not doing that great. It is Joe Biden, Kamala Harris that are going to be blamed for the issues. And so these three swing states, Trump has a significant advantage.