Let's see who's winning in the polls nationally and in every battleground state. I haven't done this in three weeks. let's see how the numbers today align with the numbers from back then. Let's start nationally, where Kamala Harris has a 2.8% lead on average. Three weeks ago, she had a 3.2% lead on average. So she's lost point four points. A point four % difference in polling is essentially inconsequential. So the race is the same as it was nationally. Now let's go to Pennsylvania, the most consequential battleground state, where Kamala Harris holds an average of a 1.4% lead. This was 1.2% three weeks ago. So another one where there's really no difference between now and then. Next up from the Rust Belt is Michigan, where Kamala Harris has an average 2.7% lead. It was 2.4 three weeks ago. So she's gained point three %. Another one where really nothing has changed. Now we round out the Rust Belt. In Wisconsin, where things actually have changed. Kamala Harris has a 1.8% average lead, but three weeks ago it was 3.2%. That's a 1.4% difference, and in a battleground state. That is not great. I don't know exactly why this shift is happening, but my Assumption is that it's because Kamala Harris is not effectively communicating on the economy. Now we go to Georgia, where the story is the same as Wisconsin. Trump has an average 1% lead. Three weeks ago, Kamala Harris had an average point five % lead. So she's lost a Point and a half here. I'm gonna assume the same story for Georgia. Kamala Harris just needs to get better at communicating. We'll stay in the south for a second and look at North Carolina, where Donald Trump has a point one % lead. He had a point four % lead three weeks ago. So she's gained point three %. Another sort of inconsequential number. Nothing's really changed. Now we go out to the Sun Belt and let's start in Arizona, where Trump has a point five % lead. Three weeks ago, Kamala Harris had a point two % lead. So this is shifted about point seven %. Still relatively inconsequential. Arizona is one of those states where the polls are jumping back and forth. There's really no conclusive evidence that either candidate has an edge here. And last is Nevada, where Kamala Harris has 1.7% lead. And she had a point seven % lead three weeks ago as well. So this hasn't shifted at all, despite a lot of high quality polling coming out. If the polls from today were to play out in the electoral map, this is how it would look. Kamala Harris would win 2 76 to 2 62. But if we compare this against three weeks ago, Kamala Harris had a much bigger win back then, 3:03 to 2:35. She went from plus 68 to plus 14. That's a pretty bad swing. But here's the thing. Polling, especially at this stage, is relatively unreliable. We're really looking for consistency, and when you don't find it, which we're not finding in A number of these states, you kind of have to assume that polling will be off by about 3% or so. That's how it's gone in the past kind of four election cycles. So let's say, hypothetically, Trump is underestimated by 3%. This is what the electoral map would look like. It would be a very substantial win for Donald Trump. However, there is a good chance that because of the increased enthusiasm and favorability of Kamala Harris, that she's being underrepresented. So let's give her three points and see how that changes the electoral map. A very substantial win for Kamala Harris. So as it stands today, this would be a very close race. But as you can see, if the polling is just a little bit wrong, this race could flip from a Trump landslide to a Kamala Harris landslide or anywhere in between. This is just where the polls have us today. Let's see where we are next week.