Trump is smashing Harris in poly markets. New 2024 election forecast. With 26 days left to go, Trump has a 55.4% chance of winning. He's flipped a number of key states in just the past two days. And in this video, we'll be taking a look at the 2024 electoral map based on polling markets and new projections. We'll begin on the West Coast, where Washington, Oregon, and California are all solid blue. Kamala Harris has at least a 95% chance at winning these three states. However, Nevada is going to be significantly more competitive. Despite Joe Biden having won the state by over two points in 2020, Today we have basically a tie. According to the markets, Harris has a 52% chance at winning, Trump at 49. In fact, this is the only state on the map where Kamala Harris is currently favored, and she has just a three point advantage. So based on the betting markets, the Silver State is going to be tilt blue. But in the end, it really could go either way. Next up in Arizona, Trump has a 2 in 3 chance of winning. The state isn't even close anymore. Despite it having gone to Joe Biden in the last election, he wanted by 0.3. And Kamala Harris performance in Arizona has been abysmal. There's never been a point in time where she was the favorite in the state, even when she peaked during the democratic convention. And so what we're seeing right now, Is that Democrats went through all the trouble to replace the nominee at the top of their ticket, and they're doing it just as badly as they were before Joe Biden dropped out. Donald Trump has recreated the lead he was in before Harris became the nominee, and he is on track to easily win Arizona this time around. According to the polls, he leads by 0.9%. And as we all know, Trump is never head in the polls. And so Arizona is going to be lean red on our map. Moving on to Colorado and New Mexico. Colorado is going to be solid blue, with Kamala Harris at a 97% chance to win. In New Mexico, her odds are at 91. In fact, the race got really close. There was talk about Republicans potentially flipping the state before Joe Biden dropped out. Now that Kamala Harris has replaced him as the nominee, Democrats are in a better position. So Colorado Save Blue, New Mexico is likely, and then in neighboring Texas, the former president has a 90% chance at winning. The odds here have been pretty stagnant throughout the entirety of the election cycle. There's no doubt that if Donald Trump is going to win Texas for a third time in a row, it is going to be a likely Republican on this map. And now to fill in all these states in the middle of the country. Trump is easily going to win at Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, North and South Dakota, all of Nebraska except its 2nd District, as well as Kansas and Oklahoma. The 2nd District of Nebraska is going to be likely blue. Kamala Harris has an 89% chance at winning and then in Alaska.