The winning. So the state is going to be likely red, while Hawaii is going to be safe blue. Moving up now to the Midwest, where Kamala Harris has to win a majority of the Rust Belt states if she wants to have any chance at getting to 270 electoral votes. She'll need Minnesota, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania to win the presidency. And just a few weeks ago, the betting markets had her winning all three of these races. But today, that couldn't be further from the truth. Starting off in Minnesota, Kamala Harris has just a 91% chance at winning. That may seem high, but this is not where she needs to be. In fact, Minnesota is a state that hasn't gone red since 1972. It's a state that Joe Biden won by a likely margin in 2020. But today Kamala Harris leads in the polling by just 4%, even though her running mate is literally Tim Walsh, the governor of Minnesota. And so considering all the advantages she has here, a 91% chance is not high at all. So the state is going to be likely blue on our map, but Common Hair should be worried about her performance in the state. Neighboring Wisconsin, Trump has officially flipped the state. Looking at the odds, it's essentially 50 fifty, but you do see Trump's number appearing on top. This is the first time Trump has been ahead in Wisconsin since early August. If you look at the one Day graph. He's essentially been ahead throughout the entirety of the day. But of course, the market moves ever so slightly every few hours. But as of right now, Trump is in the lead in Wisconsin. Looking at the polls, Harris still maintains a 0.4% lead. But we have eight new polls from the state. Three of them show Trump ahead, three of them have Harris ahead, and the two most recent polls are projecting a tie. Polling average in Wisconsin is likely to flip back over to Trump soon, just like Michigan flipped to Trump yesterday and Pennsylvania about a week ago. And so on our map, Wisconsin is going to be tilt red according to polling market for the first time in over two months. Before I continue, nearly 80% of you guys are not subscribed, so please take the time to subscribe right now for more content like this leading up to the election in November, and join my discord server to chat with me personally. Link in the description below. Next up in Michigan, things couldn't be worse for Cobbler Harris. Keep in mind this is the most Liberal of all the swing states. Joe Biden won it by 2.8% in 2020. He didn't win any of the other six battlegrounds by a larger margin. And looking at the polling average, Trump has taken the lead. He's ahead by nearly 1%. Virtually every single new poll has the former president ahead. If Kamala Harris can't win Michigan, she is going to go down in a modern day landslide. And according to the betting markets, Trump has taken the lead back. He is now the favorite with a 52% chance to win against Kamala Harris's 49. And this really is monumental. It's the first time that Republicans have LED in the Wolverine State in the