Once again, out of the seven key battleground states on the electoral map, North Carolina is the only one Trump managed to hold in 2020, and pulling this cycle indicates it remains one of his strongest. That said, it also represents a realistic flip opportunity for Kamala Harris, giving her a rare chance to go on offense while she's busy defending the other toss up states. Currently, Harris holds a slight edge in the overall race to 270 based on the states leaning toward either candidate, but with only seven electoral votes separating her from Trump, the seven key toss up states North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona, and Nevada will be critical in deciding who wins the presidency this November. Let's dig into the data before moving on to our prediction, starting with North Carolina's recent presidential election results. Barack Obama's narrow victory in 2008 remains the only democratic win here since 1976. However, the state has seen incredibly close results in the last four elections, with margins of less than 4 percentage points each time. In fact, North Carolina is one of only two states alongside Florida where that has been the case. Trump's margin dropped from 3.7% in 2016 to just 1.3% in 2020. But what's remarkable is that despite the national shift between those elections, North Carolina maintained a nearly identical Republican lean compared to the national popular votes. For context, in 2016, Hillary Clinton won the national popular vote by 2.1%, but lost North Carolina by 3.7 percents. In 2020, Trump won North Carolina by 1.3 percents, even though Biden won the popular vote by 4.5 percents. Both outcomes show a 5.8% Republican lean. Even further back in 2012, Mitt Romney carried North Carolina by exactly 2%, while Barack Obama won the popular vote by 3.9%, translating to a 5.9% Republican lean. We can observe here is that despite shifting national trends in each of these elections, North Carolina's voting pattern has remained remarkably consistent. The Cook Political Reports Partisan Voting Index PVI for North Carolina is R+ 3, meaning that in a neutral national environment where the popular vote is tied, Republican candidate would be expected to carry North Carolina by around 6 percentage points, or double the PVI. Right now, Harris leads by around 3 to 4 points in the polls, depending on which average you're looking at, which would suggest Trump will hold North Carolina by around 2 to 3 points. Now, as for how the state's trend has compared to the nation since 2,016, 2,012, and 2 thousand, again, we see how North Carolina has seen virtually no real trend since 2,012. Yet if we go all the way back to the