Donald Trump's chances of winning the 2024 election have risen again to an insane 58% today. We'll be taking a look at what's been behind his incredible rise as Kamala Harris's campaign can continues to falter. Just three weeks ago, she was the favorite to win the election, but today Trump has taken a commanding lead. As we're gonna take a deep dive into the 11 most competitive races on this map, we're not gonna focus on all the solid and likely states. I mean, really, Donald Trump is unlikely to win states like New Hampshire and Maine. Kamala Harris has no chance in states like Iowa and Ohio. So we're going to focus on the poly markets forecast in these 11 states that are not shaded in, as these are the races that will actually decide the election. And in these states we've seen a ton of movement. I mean, just look at Michigan for example. Donald Trump's chances of winning the state went from 33% three weeks ago, now he's at 54. And so returning to the map, we're going to begin in Nevada. For Donald Trump and Kamala Harris have exactly the same 50% chance of winning the state. Nevada couldn't be more of a toss up. Kamala Harris has been leading throughout most of the last two months, but today Trump officially caught up and Nevada is a pure toss up between the two nominees. If you look at the polling average of, Trump is actually pulled Ahead? He leads by 0.5%, with the most recent Wall Street Journal poll having him up by 6 points over the vice president. That really is a very significant, especially as the Wall Street Journal is a left leaning poster. And if we look at the graph, Kamala Harris has been ahead since the end of August. She lost her lead just a few days ago. But Trump being ahead in Nevada is a pretty big deal. No Republican has won this state since 2004. But Trump very well could be the first to flip Nevada in 20 years. And it's going to be tilt red on the map. Considering that we do have a tie in the betting markets and the polling is going to decide the state in Trump's favor. Next up in Arizona, Trump is the clear favorite. He has a 68% chance of winning a state. A state he didn't even win in the last election. In fact, Biden flipped Arizona in 2020, carrying it by 0.31%. And what's really incredible is that Trump's odds in the state right now are just as high as they were right before Biden dropped out. In mid July, Democrats went through all the trouble of replacing their nominee at the top of their ticket with less than four months to go until the election. And today, Kamala Harris is performing even worse than Joe Biden was before he left the race. I mean, that is just abysmal on the part of The Harris campaign. If we turn to the polling, things don't get any better for the vice president. Trump leads by 1.1%. This is one of three states where Trump leads by 1% or more. In fact, the most recent New York Times poll has the former president leading by five. Trump's always dominated polling. In Arizona, there was only a very short