For Harris lead. She is behind in every other one. However, her lead isn't going to last very long. Trump is probably going to take over in the next few days. The three most recent polls show a tie, but polling in Wisconsin has been known to be incredibly inaccurate in terms of overestimating democratic support. I would. In 2016, Hillary Clinton was on track to win Wisconsin by six points based on the polling. Spoiler alert she lost the state entirely in 2020. Biden was supposed to win by 6.3. He won it by just 0.6 and so Harris may technically have a lead. Nobody thinks she is actually winning. That is why Wisconsin flipped in favor of Trump on Poly market and so on our map it is going to be tilt Republican in Michigan. I have an even more interesting graph to show you guys. I mean, just look at how far Harris has fallen. She went from nearly a 70% chance, that's more than 2 and three odds, down to just 46. Trump also took the lead in Michigan for the first time in over two months just a few days ago. He's become the clear favorite and what has been the most Liberal of all the swing states, none of the battlegrounds voted for Biden by a larger margin than Michigan, which voted blue by nearly a three point margin in the 2020 election. Looking at the polling average, Trump leads by a whopping 1% And yes, that is significant. I mean, just look at 2016. Clinton was supposed to win the state by 11.4. It was not even supposed to be close. In the end, she lost Michigan entirely. Joe Biden also heavily underperformed expectations in 2020. Looking at the graph, Michigan. It was supposed to go to Harris for basically all of August and September going into early October. But Trump is now the favorite. The betting markets are reflecting that. And if Trump wins Michigan, it is absolutely game over for Kamala Harris. The state is also going to be tilt red on our map with Trump at a slight advantage. And then in Pennsylvania, if Trump could win here, the election is basically over. Trump doesn't need Michigan, he doesn't need Wisconsin or Nevada. All he really needs is Pennsylvania. And looking at the odds, he is the favorite with a 56% chance of winning. He's been ahead basically since the beginning of the month, taking the lead away from Harris, who was the favorite throughout most of September. And looking at the polls, things again don't get any better for the vice president. Trump leads by 0.3% and is ahead in the vast majority of surveys conducted over the last three weeks. If we look at how the average has changed over the last few months, yes. Trump was ahead by quite a bit when Harris first enter the race, but the election in Pennsylvania has always been competitive. Even When Joe Biden was still in the race. But considering just how much Trump has been underestimated here in the past, with him now leading in the polls, it is extremely likely that he is going to win Pennsylvania. And based on the betting market, it is currently a lean Republican state. Moving down to the southeast, we're going to begin.