Alright, listen up, hear me out. Now, I don't know if you're a true degenerate gambler like myself. I mean, like a degenerate like I put money on the US men's water polo team this past Olympics. Shout out to Croatia, shout out to Serbia. But anyway, if you're a true gambler, you check this website right here. It's called Kalishi. Kalashi. Not. Not sure about the name, but it's K A L S H I. Now, if you go to that website, you can actually bet on who will win the presidential election. Now you can put your heart on money and try to flip it on who will win. Now you probably wondering what's the eyes to projections right now? You look at projections right now, 62% are going towards the Puerto Rican paper towel throw himself Donald Trump. But you can also go with the other dog right here, Kamala Harris. Um, it's still early, um, it's a few days to election. So if you want to make money that way, you can. Now you're probably wondering, is there another sign? Go to. Why yes. Hold on, check this out. Now you want to. You can go to Draft Kings. Draft Kings has a 10 thousand dollar prize pool. It's a free entry. It's over 46,000 people. Um, that's in the entry right now. And like I said, you can decide who will be the president. Of course you got your two candidates right here, but here's The kicker, you can add somebody. Now, I think that's a waste of money, but I think it's cool that you can say, like, you know what? I'm add gorilla or Young Thug or somebody like that, just as a joke to your friends. Also, if you want to. You want to get, like, really in depth and probably thins out the herd. You can also bet on which state will have the smallest margin of victory. You got Georgia, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Minnesota. You got any other state. It's like, this is. This is the epitome of capitalism right here. This is. If you want a summary of America, this is us right here. We gamble everything, even our democracy. Like, I can't even believe this. This is wild. This is something you say. The Adam