What is Polimarket? In fact? Polimarket is 1 platform in Paris where users can create prediction markets by asking specific questions about future events, so people, they can buy and sell ports in future results like political elections, sporting events or economic developments. Then do a little bit of anything, that's Paul. In fact it represents 1 whether the event occurs or not. Currently, we find a lot of Paris on the platform which concerns the American elections, but there are also other Paris which are 1 little bit more farfelus as for example, is Elon Musk going to make 1 gesture with the Actua girl or is Trump going to say who is dumbing before the elections? So obviously there people can bet a little on any event. Then all this is 1 decentralized market which is balanced on the polygon blockchain. In fact, Polly Market has become very popular, which allows us to use 1 little knowledge of how if we want the wisdom of modeling to try to predict the outcome of an event. And some people who even go so far as to say that results on polymarkets can be considered more reliable than, for example, surveys, for several reasons. First of all, the participants use their own money for a speculated path on the results of an event. Unlike people who take 1 survey and then don't really affect what they choose. Then, there are more people who vote polymarket than in most polls, which leads to what is called crowd wisdom 1 phenomenon where the predictions of more than several people, it often goes to be more true. Then, polymarker, it is constantly adjusted according to developments. For example if something happens with rump or camalo, well people, they will react in real time on prediction markets like Poly, unlike the poll that captures the opinion at 1 moment. Finally, well polymarket in fact it is accessible to all so it helps to reduce the subscription ticket a little. If you're interested in learning more about polymarket, the other applications that are on blockchain. Write us the word blockchain in DM and subscribe to improve your eyebrow tail.