Hey, guys, here's our top five locks to make a little extra cash on Election Day. Okay, first one, we got Virginia. I'm slamming Kamala on this one. Trump, you know, he out performed pulling both in 2016 and in 2020. And, you know, posters are really adjusting to that in, you know, all the states. Still, they have Kamala winning Virginia pretty comfortably. You know, only a 13% return, but, you know, make 13% every day, you'll be a billionaire. So I'm. I'm taking Kamala here. Next up, we got Kamala popular vote. I mean, this is pretty self explanatory. The Democrats have won the popular vote the last four elections. And also, LeBron is endorsing Kamala. So I feel like 25 cents to a dollar for that is pretty good value. This next one, will Trump win a deep blue state? This is my lock for this election. I'm slamming the no on this one. If you look at the states that compromise this category, Trump didn't win any of those states in 2016 or 2020. So if you pick the yes on this one, you're thinking that he's, you know, gonna do something that he hasn't done the past two elections. And also in 2016 and 2020, polls were not adjusting their polls as much for Trump, whereas now they are. And they're also not really showing him winning in any of those deep blue states that this bet, you know, sort of describes. So this is My lock free 22% here, taking this every day of the week. We're also going to be throwing. No party's going to win or sweep all the swing states. Polls are saying this is one of the closest elections in a very long time. So I just don't see Trump or Kamala sweeping all the swing states here. Okay, so my home run of the election. Who in North Carolina? I'm taking Kamala here. I think this is your best chance to make a 2 x or 3 x instead of like a 15 or 20% return. Um, you know, polls are showing that Stein is up against Robinson 15 in the governor race. Um, so, you know, for Trump to win this state, you're gonna have to assume that there's a ton of split ticket Republicans, which just might not happen. Um, and, you know, he still might not. He still might win the state. But at these odds, I think Kamala is looking really good as a bet. Especially when you consider New York Times Sienna just dropped yesterday saying that she's up to in the entire state. So if you're looking for a home run pick, I'd take this one. I think the odds are really good. Also, obligatory these are not our political opinions or financial advice. This is just. This is just how we're betting on the election as we're trying to make some extra cash. But yeah, best of luck. Best of luck. We're degenerates and This is EV. Positive plays in our mind. Exactly. It's all EV, that's all. So, yeah, good luck betting