The 2,028 electoral map is going to look different from the map we've become accustomed to seeing this cycle. That goes without saying. As of mid afternoon on November 7th, Donald Trump has won the presidency after securing 312 electoral votes. The margins themselves could still change in the states, but overall the map looks very similar to what we had been forecasted all cycle long, with a few notable exceptions. Notably, Trump made significant gains in deep blue urban areas like Chicago and New York. Right now, Harris leads by a single digit margin in Illinois at D plus 8. It's less than half Biden's margin in 2020. New Jersey is even crazier at Harris plus 4, down from Biden plus 16 in 2020. Even the great blue Empire State of New York is only D plus twelve, down from D plus 23 in 2020. Trump also made massive gains among Hispanics in Florida and Texas, where he's on track to carry both states by more than 12 points when all the votes are counted. Otherwise, the core battlegrounds all ended up being very close. As expected, they were each effectively toss UPS, and whether or not someone had them slightly tilting in one direction or the other, nobody who is paying close attention to the race is shocked that Trump managed to sweep all seven. Personally, for the second straight cycle, my final electoral map prediction correctly picked the winner in 49 of 50 states back in 2020. I missed Georgia and This time, my lone miss was Michigan. Looking ahead now to the 2,028 cycle. With Donald Trump's election, we are set to see the first simultaneous open presidential primaries for both major parties since 2,016, and I think it's safe to say we're in for an absolutely massive field of candidates. Remember, back in 2020, more than 30 Democrats launched campaigns to challenge Trump, and in 2024, around 15 hopefuls entered the fray aiming to take on Joe Biden. At the time, potential 2,028 Democratic candidates include Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, governors Gavin Newsom, Gretchen Whitmer, and Josh Shapiro, and a whole lot more. As for the Republicans, Vice President elect JD Vance is the obvious front runner, but depending on how the next four years go, I fully expect Florida Governor Ron Desantis, Virginia Governor Glen Youngkin, and maybe even Nikki Haley to tease runs as well. 2,026 is probably going to be a very good mid term cycle for the Democratic Party, as it almost always is two years after the election of a president of the opposition. 2,028 is far less clear for a whole host of reasons, namely whether or not the Trump Vance administration is popular, and how Democrats managed to rebound from a third straight disappointing general election cycle. If I had to guess who wins the Republican primary, I think the safest pick by far is J D. Vance, the VP elect, who will probably