Here are the current betting favourites for who will become the next president of the United States in 2,028. Coming in at No. 10, we have Ro Khanna who is a state representative for California and he has plus 30 300 odds for being the next president. At number nine, we have Mark Kelly who is the senator of Arizona and he also has plus 30 300 odds of being the next president. At number eight, we have Donald Trump Jr, who is obviously the son of the current president, Donald Trump, and he also has plus 30 300 odds of being the next president. Coming in at number seven, we have Gretchen Whitmer who is the governor of Michigan and she is the fourth and final person on the list with plus 30 300 odds of being the next president. At number six, we have Alexandria Ocasio Cortez who is a state representative of New York and she has a plus 25 odds of being the next president. Coming in at No. 5, we have Pete Buttigieg who is the former U S. Secretary of transportation and he has a plus 21 odds of being the next president. Coming in at number four, we have Josh Shapiro who is the governor of Pennsylvania and he has plus 2,000 odds of being the next president. At No. 3, we have Gavin Newsom who is the governor of California and he is leading the Democratic Party with plus 1750 odds of being the next President of the United States now at number two, we have the craziest one and that is current President Donald Trump, who literally, according to the Constitution, cannot be elected for a third term. But he is leading the entire Democratic Party and is coming in at only plus 500 odds of again for the third time, being the president of the United States in 2,028 and coming in at No. 1. We have current Vice President JD Vance, who is the heavy favorite to be the next president of the United States at only plus 330 odds, which is significantly higher than his competition, which realistically is not Donald Trump, but is Gavin Newsom, who is sitting at plus 1750. So he has a solid plus 15 odds on this competition. So many people believe that the next president of the United States is not currently on any of these lists. Who do you think it is? Put them in the comments below and I'll keep an eye on them.