So she sharpened up the last now I don't know what she gonna do yet I make it Maria party if you presenter what my good on no walk with me. Hi guys. Welcome back to the vlog. You want this back to the vlog and I'll post nothing every time back to the vlog 79 video on your phone back to the vlog and I know we can't see one alright hmm oh, here they are. Are them two where you use? Yes. So what are we doing today? No, mommy use these. They're right here. Yeah, and they're not really on any soil. It's a tin No. 1 it's a stone. No, I root I banana root what I'm saying is not a lot of is not a lot of soil. Alright, stop this now I use the same way. What's the same way? Alright guys so I'm here on the farm and in the country we have this tradition where um, we can predict the outcomes of the general election so alright, so Mommy would have which two? These two Mommy would have selected two banana trees, the young ones to be specific don't worry, they're gonna regrow they're gonna grow back so we'll be fine. Um, this one, so we're not going to cut this one I'm not going to put this one but here they are right? So what we do we have identified the two plants and we're going to name them after the Two major political parties so Mommy what we're gonna do now so hold on hold on so basically you are chopping it to them same time yes, at the same time and they're gonna tie a string on both no, just cut the two of them and you're gonna zoom in and you're gonna see which one of the middle heart the heart of the middle of them or any of the two come up first they're they're gonna be the winners so normally Mark them which one have we normally Mark them first though? Yes, yes, yeah, but Michael put the string first now so people them can know say I know we rig it green and orange we don't know green and orange we have green and orange string man we can't get a green and orange string pause it pause the video. I could get this string orange string one green orange orange string I'm not gonna see this.