So she sharpened up the last now I don't know what she gonna do yet I make my little party presenter what my go down on the walk with me. Hi guys. Welcome back to the vlog. You want this back to the vlog and I'll post nothing every time back to the vlog 79 video on your phone back to the vlog and I know we can see one alright hmm. Oh, here they are. Are them to your use? Yes. So what are we doing today? No, Mommy use these. They're right here. Yeah, and they're not really on any soil is a tin No. 1 it's a stone. No, I root I banana root what I'm saying is not a lot of is not a lot of soil. Alright, stop this now I use the same way. What's the same way? Alright guys, so I'm here on the farm and in the country we have this tradition where um, we can predict the outcomes of the general election so alright, so Mommy would have which two? These two Mommy would have selected two banana trees, the young ones to be specific. Don't worry, they're gonna regrow they're gonna grow back so we'll be fine. Um, this one, so we're not going to cut this one. I'm not going to put this one but here they are right? So what we do, we have identified the two plants and we're going to name them after the two major Political parties so Mommy what we're gonna do now so hold on hold on so basically you're gonna chop it to them same time yes at the same time and they're gonna tie a string on both no just cut the two of them and you're gonna zoom in and you're gonna see which one of the middle heart the heart of the middle of them or any of the two come up first they're they're gonna be the winners so normally Mark them which one have we normally Mark them first though yes yes yeah but Michael put the string first now so people them can know say I know we rig it green and orange we have no green and orange we have green and orange string man we can get a green and orange string alright so here we go I'm gonna tie up two strings orange and green never never see this yet to know my first time see if it work these predictions are very accurate it's not the first we're doing it and alright okay so we have identified the two trees so but I'm gonna ask to zoom in as Mommy cut the two of them ready miss up so that's mommy guys alright she taught us this when I was a little girl that comes from my mother and she got it from her mom ready miss up so alright come buddy come zoom in zoom in go in to see who First get up so how y'all gonna know which one get up you will see come up oh, so it work at same time yeah uh oh we see it made no wonder they're coming up guys it look like that one there no mommy maybe it's a ghost it's a good tight it's gonna be tight that's one of it yeah, it's gonna be tight oh my close no mommy very close very if you are so based on the the the temple of the election season you can tell who is leading from who is behind and number the leader come up first without hesitation or any delay yes they're coming up yep so the mega thing is what I'm just gonna call the heart what Mommy if what I look this I'm now supposed to do supposed to come all the way out this little section so the entire mix section supposed to lift up this section right here so go grow back I want over there so I want on your right your left your left my right this one no no no that one my right your left the one I move the most so they say which I want come off first yep they are going to win um it look like at the red string seem as if it's the orange party that will win the general election it is going to be close so for the recon we for the reach up No, this is just for the overall winner.