Betting markets now believe that Tucker Carlson is laying the groundwork for a 2028 presidential run. Now this is something that you can literally bet on right now. These betting markets like Poly Market have quietly added Tucker Carlson the list of candidates that you can bet on, and his name has slowly but surely been climbing its way up the list. Now this is all happening because people are starting to notice that his speeches and messaging have shifted. He's now starting to hit themes that resonate across party lines and even into the socialist category, as crazy as that may sound. This all started about two months ago when Tucker Carlson spoke at a Turning Point USA event before the assassination of Charlie Kirk. And the things he was saying doesn't quite align with your traditional conservative audience. The first thing he said was the US economy is not nearly as strong as our current leadership makes it seem. He said our current leadership tends to point at the G DEP to determine whether the US economy is doing good or bad, when in reality the average American can't even come close to affording a single family home. He said that alone should be a telltale sign that the US economy is struggling and big change needs to happen. What I found most notable in this speech was him talking about the banking industry in America and how it only appeals to the top 1%. I mean, where Have we heard those talking points from before? Tucker said the way the banking industry works in America is if a Uber rich individual borrows money from a bank, they can actually negotiate the terms because the borrower is in more position of power than the lender. But if your average day to day American maxes out a credit card at 30%, then they'll just take your house and put you in bankruptcy. And he actually said that the other 99% of people in America, the middle to lower class, should be protesting credit cards and refusing to pay them back to send a message to the banking industry. Now this is like Bernie Sanders socialist type talk. And he's doing this on stage at a Turning Point USA event. Now this is why Tucker Carlson's name is popping up on these betting markets for a 2028 campaign run. This is classic pre campaign rhetoric. Populist, bipartisan, and focus on issues that voters care most about. So my question is, would you consider voting for Tucker Carlson in 2028, whether he runs as a Republican, a Democrat, or some third political party?