Here are the current betting favourites for who will become the 2028 Democratic presidential candidate. Coming in at No. 8, we have ESPN legend Steven A. Smith with a 5% chance of being the next democratic candidate, which he has recently said that he does have interest in doing. So coming in at No. 7, we have West Moore, who is the governor of Maryland and he's actually relatively popular. He won with 64% of the vote in the previous election and he has a 6% chance of being the next candidate. Coming in at No. 6, we have Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, otherwise known as AOC. She also has a 6% chance of being the next candidate, which is actually surprising. I thought she'd be higher up on the list. She's actually recently made headlines campaigning with Bernie Sanders and they've been actually filling out some extremely large crowds. So this is actually good value because I'm thinking that that percentage could actually go up in the near future. Coming in at No. 5, we have Gretchen Whitmer, who is the governor of Michigan. Now she also has a 6% chance of being the next candidate. Now she only won her previous election with 54% of the vote. Uh, but that is an improvement from the previous election she was in which she only won with 52% of the vote. And Michigan is a battleground state, so you're not gonna get like a 65% plus unless you're extremely popular. But This one is kind of surprising, especially putting her ahead of AOC. Coming in at No. 4, we have Kamala Harris, also with a 6% chance to be the next nominee. She is the last person with a 6% chance. I swear, um, it kind of makes sense that she's gonna be on this list. She was the nominee in the last election, so it makes sense that she's in the mix here. Coming in at number three, we have Pete Budach with a 7% chance of being the next nominee. He was a candidate in the 2020 election. He was the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, and he was the former secretary of transportation. Very well liked guy in the Democratic Party, has a great shot being the next nominee. Next, we have Josh J. Coming in at No. 1. We have Gavin Newson, who's the current governor of California with a 16% chance of being the next nominee. Now, he's lately made some rounds, starting his own podcast, kind of breaking away from that far left ideology and trying to win over the middle ground of America. Many people say that's the start of his 2028 campaign, which is why it lands him at the No. 1 spot, most likely to be the next democratic nominee for president.