Kalshi is a predatory app that targets gamblers who have a massive addiction to online betting. And for some reason I keep getting advertisements for both kalshi and another, I can't remember the name of it, but another shitty betting website where the whole point is to place bets. Uh, on stupid shit, mind you. Do you think it's gonna rain tomorrow? You can bet on that. Do you think some old man's gonna fart and slip on a banana peel? You can bet on it. And somehow they trick people into thinking there's a way of earning money. I don't care how the app works because it's all predatory. It is. It is quite literally laughing in your face with their advertisements. I saw an A I. Ad for Kalshi on YouTube. That's the whole reason why I'm even fucking making this. Cause I was walking my dog and I'm watching YouTube and of course I get a shitty ad that lasts 30 seconds. Can't skip it. And it's 2A. I guys not human. And they're pretending to represent the government, so they're saying the government shutdown is active, what do we do? And then the other guy says you need to go on Kalshi and bet to make money cause this is the only way. Like this is the only way that you can save the economy or some dumb bullshit. It's so gross. Like, at what point do we look at what we're doing to people and Realize, maybe that's not a good thing. Or to them, maybe it's a great thing. Maybe in their mind, they're thinking, the more money or the more downloads we get for our app, the more money we get. So it doesn't fucking matter if they're taking advantage of people, because they're getting what they want. We're letting them win. And it's just sad that there are major TikTok creators. I'm not gonna call anyone out by name, K Prez, but there are some people on here who openly brag about kalshi and do deals with them to, like, promote their shit. To which I say, what? How dare you? What is wrong with you? You're encouraging gambling to people who watch your content. It's kind of fucking gross, but.