Hi, guys. Have you ever seen Some of the experts on television have come up with a plan What might happen in the future Or various analysts Whether the stock market will go up or down tomorrow Give the exact opposite judgment Then we as ordinary people It's like watching a debate without an answer The more information there was, the more confusing it was. But today I'd like to talk about a place. He doesn't rely on experts Not by being loud Here it is. He uses real moving prices Tell you the true probability of various events He turned boring information into everyone A name guessing game that everyone can participate in Then this place is polymarket. It's a prophecy Or call it an event casino Also ok Then its appearance It is subverting our ability to acquire And how to verify the truth So here's the problem. This website claims to be able to predict the future What is the origin Is it really more accurate than the experts? But more importantly we How did ordinary people realize this knowledge? Trying to get a piece of the action in the game? Then today's video And I'm going to take you through this. Are you ready? Let's leave now. First let's Back to the night that made polymarket famous So, the 2014 US election? Remember then The surprising plot of the US election? Everyone was waiting to see Biden The second showdown with Chuangbu As a result, Biden suddenly withdrew halfway Ah, that passed the baton to Vice President Harris Does everyone know the final outcome? Trump is back strong Successfully won the White House? However, the best part is not on TV In the polymarket It's in the mainstream media. Still pretending to say that the election is anxious When victory is tied Global players in the poly market They have already cast their judgment with real money That's the winning rate of Chuangpu Just after eleven in the morning It skyrocketed by more than 90% So here's the problem. Why an encrypted prediction platform? Than cnn Or Fox, which has thousands of journalists. Big media is more accurate It's faster The answer is very simple People who talk with money never lie You see everyone in the polymarket has to use it Real money to bet You say trump can win Okay, then you take out the money to suppress Then you say harris will win No problem, please pay too Who dares to talk nonsense under this mechanism So here's a very crazy example That's a French trader He just threw 45 million dollars to suppress Tron Is this guy crazy? He really did his homework To avoid Being found out about his big deal Ah, he also deliberately registered three trumpets Spread the bets What happened to you in the end One of his accounts earned More than 16 million dollars Now you understand why polymarket Is so accurate Then when a person Bet with more than 40 million dollars Then he must be more serious than those Journalists who can only shout with a microphone Much more serious That is even more extraordinary When the mainstream media Is still there when counting votes slowly Before the final results are announced Polymarket is It has pulled Chuangpu's winning rate to Ninety-seven percent. This is comparable to media The final announcement was a full six hours early Why does this happen? because The market has a better sense of smell than the media. That's too much. When traders discovered that wealth creation was taking place in New York The votes in these states in Florida When far exceeded expectations They suddenly realize This poll got Trump wrong again. When thousands of people voted with real money The wisdom of crowds. They tend to be more accurate than the leading experts. The next time something big happens Don't rush to read the news Let's go to the polymarket to take a look at the odds first Because that often hides the truest answer How about hearing this? Many friends question Isn't this just gambling? Ah, I changed the vest of a blockchain. Just to fool us, right? Well, I can only say that you guessed half right. Ah, he does have the thrill of gambling But his core It's a very old financial experiment. It's called prediction markets. How about today? Let's peel it upside down Talk about this concept of prediction markets It goes back hundreds of years. Hundreds of years ago People are used to the suppression of future events But ah! In the past, there was only offline gambling, so there were many problems. The dealer may run away The odds can be opaque. Or the transaction efficiency is particularly low What is the dimensionality reduction blow of polymarket? The polaroid market is revolutionary Because he used blockchain technology He solved all the problems above It's actually very simple. It is he who took all the uncertainty in the world Have become tradable stocks Let me give you an example. Let's say you want to know Will the Federal Reserve cut interest rates in October? Twenty-five basis points At the poly market Two different options will appear Yes or no, if yes is the option The price is 0.96 dollars. That means Markets are optimistic about the Federal Reserve's October interest rate cut The probability of twenty-five basis points is 96 percent. You bought the right $0.96 Will become a dollar If you bought the wrong one. That $0.96 will be zero It's that simple and crude In the B circle, someone said, get rich Some people also lost the bottom library If you don't understand, don't rush to invest I have a zero-to-one introductory crypto course Including 30 main courses and hundreds of live classes I also look at it from the perspective of a ten-year b-circle vc Explain to you the ecology of the entire industry Should be a Pantry The course will help you solve most of the problems Build investment capabilities that can traverse bulls and bears You think he only cares about the US Presidential Election Or the Federal Reserve cutting interest rates? Polish market From the so-called Chuangpu will Received the Nobel Peace Prize for 26 years Who will be the next Prime Minister of Japan? The wind and grass in global politics There is a clear price here. What about politics? The financial world is his home ground Will the Federal Reserve cut interest rates in October? How much will gold rise this year? Then these were originally only top institutions To play these questions So now you connect a wallet. You can participate In addition, let alone cryptocurrencies. Can Bitcoin break through $150,000 by the end of the year? When will the Ethereum ETF be approved? Here you can Find the most direct confidence index in the industry Of course, even the cutting edge of technology can't escape him When will the next generation model of Fayan open AI be released? Can Apple's annual insurance sales break through one million? The answers to these questions It may be better than what many analysts report Closer to the truth Ah, what about other than that? Sports and entertainment make him even more out of the circle. Who can win the Champions League? Full Game Will the sequel be broadcast earlier in 2016? Even taylor swift How long will the next relationship last? Only you can't imagine You can't bet without you, brothers, see? Polymarket not only builds It's a political forecasting tool. More of a give All the uncertainty in the world goes to the price A Super Protocol He put Collective knowledge and inside information in human society Quantify with real money Well, if you want to talk about his operating logic I summarize three core innovations The first is smart contracts as trust machines What about on the polymarket? All the rules are written In the smart contract on the chain open Betting settlement is all automatically executed by the code The platform cannot move your funds. You can't change the results. It's like we're gambling Put it in a transparent No one can open a safe As soon as the results come out The code will automatically send the money to the winner This is the qualitative change of trust Select the prediction market you want to bet on Buy a yes or no share What about after the event? The correct forecaster It will redeem usdc for one dollar in US stocks. The wrong player goes to zero. So over the course of the game You can also buy and sell anytime That third point That is, the data in the real world must not come in The most crucial step in predicting the market is What's the result? You can't rely on the project side to have the final say, right? The polymarket It relies on a decentralized prophecy. Like what? Designated Associated Press Reuters' address on the election results Certification of election results as final ruling That's when real-world events are settled The result will be written to the chain The smart contract is immediately liquidated This brings together the flow of funds on the chain and the reality off the chain The world is stitched together perfectly So say polymarket It's not just a simple blockchain Plus betting platform Then it's these special designs There's a deeper wisdom in that. First of all, it is the most honest to use money to speak You bet your own hard-earned money Do you still dare to speak nonsense? And secondly, crowds are often the most powerful. Alone, he might look wrong But thousands of people collectively make judgments He is often more accurate than some experts The third is to fall in love with the most transparent transaction Then all the transactions are on the block love. No one wants to cheat. What he asked you to trade is no longer cold k. It's a thread. It's your perception of the world. Alright, friends, here comes the best part. There was a news story on October 7th. Say the parent company of the NYSE Intends to invest $2 billion in polymarket So what is this concept? It means It might Become crypto history One of the largest private fundraisings Ah, what about the same time? The parent company of the New York Stock Exchange, ICE He oversees the world's largest financial exchange market What about this flag? It is very likely that the future of the entire financial industry is at stake Speaking of which, I also want to mention It was some time ago. My token in Singapore When attending the conference in 1949 Tom lee was on stage I'm offstage. I heard tom lee mention the police So this kind of reflects our theme. So going back to why the NYSE He's going to invest two billion. How about a prediction platform? Friends, this is definitely not a spur of the moment. Let me explain to you its deep-seated strategy Point number one. That is, it wants to seize the commanding heights of information pricing power You know, the poli market is converging Global forecasts for various events What about this expectation? It is the most precious in itself The most real-time and unfalsifiable data Gold, what is Wall Street speculating about? Fried is expected If you say ice It can master the world The largest expected data pool It can gain insight earlier than its competitors Subtle changes in market sentiment Developed based on Quantitative trading models of social emotion. Even in the future, these predicted prices can be Make a class of financial derivatives The raw product index The second point is to lay out rwa You can correct everything Then I talked about rwa before I haven't seen it Please go back and watch my video episode Ah, it is to tokenize real-world assets The polymarket is playing with more advanced reality The world's information is capitalized Then you can trade the results of the election today We can trade tomorrow Will Apple's earnings for the next quarter meet expectations Then whether the Federal Reserve will cut interest rates And the next movie Wolf Warrior Nezha Can his box office break one billion to ten billion Ah, then every market It's a micro Tradable financial products The NYSE is synonymous with traditional finance He saw a possibility Is that the world can turn all the uncertainty Can be turned into his system Standardized contracts for trading Then this imagination Can be much bigger than simple stock trading So this two billion dollars It's definitely not just the present of the polymarket It's a gateway to everything that can be traded First class air tickets of the future So brothers We as ordinary retail investors How to participate in this feast Where are the opportunities to get rich? The answer may be in polymarket Among the two blockbuster signals released recently This might allow us to witness history The first sign is that he is actively preparing for an IPO. He's going to the US stock market So what they're going to do is encrypt. The Path of Enterprise Meritalization What about in the b circle? It might just be an app But when it comes to US stocks It's a prediction with AI. With web three With financial infrastructure A super growth stock of the multi-litter bug halo What about valuations? It's easy, it's tens of billions, right? The second signal is He kept hinting that there would be coins in the future So... According to the official documentation and the team's statement In fact, the future governance token has been mentioned many times This means that We are likely to witness An unprecedented US IPO in history Plus the capital drama of simultaneous airdrop tokens Ah, how do you do that? Hey, my own experience? Mainly divided into the following three strategies First, let's look at the interactive space Invest in the original shareholders? Right? Let's go to the official website of polo market now Log in with your wallet Find some markets that interest you Go and participate in a small amount. Your every interaction It's all in the future, casting a net in a possible airdrop Then this could be us Ordinary people can do it at the lowest cost How to participate in the giant project? The second way is information arbitrage The prophet of the market Is to use your knowledge of a certain field Take technology. Politics or any entertainment Ah, in-depth knowledge of this industry Then you are in polymarket Go up there and find the ones that you think are wrong. The market uses your knowledge To earn money from people after that information? It's actually betting against them What about then? The story on the day of the IPO on the US stock market is full institutions pursue Stock prices skyrocketed Then you, as an investor in US stocks Earn money from rising stocks What about on the b-circle side? He dropped governance tokens into the community of early adopters. You can Earn airdrop money as an interactive user on the chain But let me remind you. If you are a novice So you have to start small. Use the money you can completely afford to lose Don't outing as soon as you come up Controlling risk is very important brothers Okay brothers Today's dry goods are about the same Finally Ask a question If the polymarket Really listed and issued coins at the same time Would you rather participate in the stock market Buy his shares Or buy his tokens on the chain Ah why Tell me what you think Let's chat in the comment area