All right, ladies and gentlemen, it's looking like Republicans are in major trouble ahead of the 2026 midterm elections. This is polimarket breaking. The odds of Democrats winning the house in the midterms have just soared past 70%. And I know what you're thinking. Polls are just polls. But the Polly market, it is not just any poll. It is a market where people put their money where their mouth is. This is, if I remember correctly, if a. If a poll reaches over 90%, it's almost basically guaranteed. Polymarket was able to rightfully predict Momdani would win New York City mayor. And now it's looking like Democrats will be winning house and midterm. Sore pasting. Uh, soaring past a 70% margin. Now, I know it's too early to tell. We've got a whole year. There's a lot Republicans can do to kind of salvage this. Ah, but why is it. Why do you guys think that it's looking like the Republicans are gonna lose or on track. Or on track to lose by 2026? And that's not the only projection here. Poly market. What everyone wants to know about the government shutdown, it's looking like the most probable thing that's gonna happen is it's gonna go past mid November. It's not looking like it's gonna end anytime soon according to this projection. Market. It's interesting, but I want to hear from you guys why do you guys think this is. Why is it that places like polymarket, people are turning To it and saying, this is what I actually believe, and I'm willing to put money on it. I, you know, you've got political analyst. It's basically polls are. Are long gone. People are looking. I use it, and I'm using it now as. As a way to really project the market here, the, the outcome. And it's not just politics, it's sports, it's almost anything. There's like a, you know, a. A market for. Will this happen before Grand Theft Auto 6 is happening? But anyways, I digress. Why do you guys think, or what can Republicans do before next year's midterm elections to win back these young voters, which many of them voted Democrat in the special elections just this week? I wanna hear from you guys. Let me know in the comments down below what you guys think. I wanna hear from you. And as always, hit that follow button for more breaking news.