Shane Copeland made a risky bet when he built polymarket in 2020. He did it fast, in just three months, and didn't seek regulatory approval as the law required. His chief competitor, Kalshi, did. In 2021, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission launched an investigation into Polymarket. Coplan cooperated and ultimately paid a penalty. It was a 1.4 million dollar fine. And also it was a settlement. And you could not have customers in the United States. Yeah, we had to go and do block trading in the US and move certain operations offshore. And it wasn't, hey, you're banned from trading US. It's like, until you're licensed. I mean, it was breaking the law. I mean, people say breaking the law, it's like, which law? You know? So if anything, it's incompatible. It's incompatible with the law. Yeah, with the regulatory matrix that existed. The regulatory matrix was pretty clear. U S. Customers couldn't trade on polymarket, but plenty continued to. All they needed was a VPN connection to mask their computer's location. In 2024, in the final weeks of the Biden administration, Coplan got a surprise visit at home from the FBI. There's a lot of it, like yelling and banging on the door and, like, knocking. This is the FBI. Or, like, no, like a battering ram. He wasn't arrested, but agents seized his phones and computers. But with a new administration came a new appreciation for prediction markets. In July, the government dropped its investigations, and Polymarket was able To buy a fully licensed, legally compliant trading platform, paving the way for their U S. Customers to bet openly. Three months ago, Coplan named Donald Trump junior, already an advisor to Kalshi, to Polymarket's advisory board. And Trump Junior's 1789 Capital fund invested around $10 million in the company. I think there's gonna be people watching who think that you put the president's son on your advisory board to get influence, to be able to protect yourself. So it's definitely not to protect myself. I mean, look like they invested, right? We're in this admin. This admin is very pro innovation and pro crypto and pro poly market, which is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, I need help navigating that, right? I'm a young entrepreneur. If I have people who believe in what I do, who understand how politics works and can help me, help guide me and teach me, you know, there's. There's nothing wrong about that. Last month, Poly Market got its biggest validation yet. The company that owns the New York Stock Exchange announced it was investing $2 billion in Poly Market. You like the floor? Days later, we met Coplan on the trading floor. What's it like to see your name up there? Yeah, I love it. I love it. It's, um. It's cool, man. He told us Polymarket's data will soon be integrated into the exchange to help investors and traders get an edge. What valuation now has polymarket been given? Nine billion dollar post money Nine billion dollars. Did you anticipate that? I mean, I didn't start it to not get here, you know. Shane Coplan is now a billionaire. At least on paper. And polymarket, it still hasn't made any profit. It gives away its main product, its predictions, for free and doesn't charge fees on trades. At least not yet.