AI and all these apps that trying to come modify everything for the people that don't know what we're talking about. We're talking about Kalsi. I used to do ads for them. I don't do them anymore. They hit me up and I was like, okay, hold on. It's a big ass company, Kalsi. I remember seeing them on the TV. Yeah, I've seen them many times. I'm like, damn, they, they, they. Especially now. Good god. They. They predicted the election and shit for. Yeah, I'm like, okay, this is a cool company. It's kind of cool. Hit them up, we talked or whatever. The ads that I was doing was basically like, they'll be a new story, and then I would take a graph from, like, their app or whatever, and I'll be like, this is what people are thinking about it at the time. I remember I brought it up to y'all. I was like, yo, y'all wanna do something like this? I said, no, because it did have gambling in there. The Fan Duel prize picks, cows. She. What's the other fucking prediction market? Poly market. Poly market. Like, it's that thing where, when you stray into that, you never want to promote the idea of gambling, especially to, like, your fan base or, like, kids and in all types of shit. Because you see how, like, Logan Paul and Jake Paul, I got on there and I realized that it was gambling. I fully convinced Myself, that if I don't mention the gambling, everything's all right. I know dumb people in my community is like, damn, I really fuck with you. But this Kalsi shit, bro, like, yeah, what are you doing? Yeah. So I took. I took heat to that. I was like, nah, let's just say I get on this bitch, and I'm like, I hate dairy, but here, try to Caesar salad. Not gonna tell you that it got cheese in it, though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you preaching two different things. Exactly. Hell, so then niggas like, okay, they get the Caesar salad, they open it up like, what? It's got cheese in it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. The fuck so. Yeah, that's true. Or some people, they might get that Caesar salad, dig into it, eat it, not notice his cheese load, and behold, he's like a ten year sober cheese addict. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, lactose intolerant. Exactly, yeah. How you shouldn't. You. Like, now you. Now you see. Now you see. How the fuck do we take that to the scene? No, but that's real, though. That's real, though.