It's no surprise prediction markets are surging because we've never been less equipped to have informed opinions. If the attention economy emerged because we are unequipped to sort through how much we were seeing, the opinions and takes economy emerges because we are unequipped to understand what we are seeing, especially in this age of a I. Rage bait and institutional decline. And into that vacuum steps actors and platforms that promise clarity without the burden of understanding, a k a. Truth without meaning. The founder of Kalshi has said, the long term vision is to financialize everything and create a tradable asset out of any difference in opinion. And I think if you do build a general purpose exchange that can resolve differences of opinions on anything, like the time is quite massive. And I'll concede on pure accuracy, probabilistic guessing can rival reasoning, especially if you're completely uninformed. But what kind of value system is reflected by a world where outcomes matter financially and rationale does not? If we're saying foundational skills like reasoning have no inherent value because you still might get the answer wrong, then what incentive is there to seek knowledge at all? Prediction markets love to call themselves collective intelligence engines. This is the same verbal trap we fall into as with AI. Real intelligence is based on reasoning and conclusions, not just instinctual consensus thinking. Given your average information diet, it feels insane to think that we're going to land on the group Wisdom end of the spectrum and not the mob mentality one. In a lot of ways, I'm reminded of the conversation around optimism and the decline of true criticism, and this feels like a really extreme version of that. Going from its popularity makes it valuable to its popularity makes it true. Which is a recipe for mass delusion. And that's rather the point, Max. Uncertainty is the world where these platforms profit the most. Remember that the house doesn't need truth. It just needs action.