Okay, today. Well, tonight I'm gonna tell you, uh, my prediction about the, uh, market. What's it gonna happen? Um, as, um, as the interest rate keep going down? Well. Well, maybe you'll listen to all those news and they said, um, yeah, rate So the rate might go down. The rate might go down. Okay. Um, actually, the rate is going down. That's a good news for the stock markets and possibly also coins also. Do you know why? Um, I'm gonna tell you right now. Because as the rate going down, then obviously, um, all the banks, um, charge less interest, right? So people, whoever the people, um, they just wanna keep putting monies in the bank, like a savings account, the C D, any things like that, you know, you will get less and less and less interest. So. So what are you gonna do? Obviously, what are you gonna do? You know, like before, let's say last year, it was a 6%, but then now this year, you're putting money, the bank only gonna be your 4% or 3% or something even less than 2%. Then what are you gonna do about it? Uh, that's when stock markets going up, because that's when people like Elon Musk, influencer, whoever, famous people, they start to promote like, some kind of bullshit coins, like a dozy coins or whatever, whatever bullshit coins, you know? And then, you know, that's when, you know, that's what happened back in, like, 2020. 2021, you know, when the federal interest rate was zero, literally zero. It means. It means money cheap, right? So you borrow money, that mean you could borrow money with pretty much only 1%, 2%. Also the reason why. So that's why, you know, that time the Dogecoin, all that stuff, just kept flying high, high up, because, well, you know, you put money in a bank, they don't give you interest. They don't give you. Maybe, like, you got lucky, maybe you get 1%, like, you know, around that time. So what they do is they using influencers, like those, uh, famous people, whatever. And then, um, um. And they scam people, you know, they scam people like, oh, yeah, it is gonna go up, you know, all people's coin, whatever, whatever. I don't know. You remember? And then, you know, people keep putting money on it, and then, of course, the things are gonna go up, right? You know, and then. And then, you know, that's what that guy did, Elon Musk, you know, he keep putting in on, you know, Twitter, X or people's coin, whatever, and then the things keep going up. And then, uh, when the things are going up, he already sold that shit, and then he already exit it out. Other people believe that, you know, things are gonna keep going up, up, up, up. And then, uh, you know, later, It just crash. You might see that kind of stuff. And then also Secondly, um, and I'm just telling you the example as the rates are gonna go down, and, uh, secondly, uh, another thing you was, um. They are supposed to be , like, traders, they do, like, they call it. They call it margin. Margin. Margin means, like, they, uh, could use, um, whatever stocks they own, they use their stocks as a collateral to borrow money promised the. The stock broker, the broker company, like a Robin Hood, webull whatever broker company, they. They loan your money to play with stock. They loan your money, you know, like, they using you, your stock as a collateral. They loan your money, and then you could keep playing, keep buying stocks. I mean, so let's say you are the traders, you get the loans. I know it's very high risky, because you could lose everything. You know, only people, they. Who. They know what to. What they doing. They could do this stuff, you know? I'm saying, like, they get those. They get their money, they're buying stuff, whatever. The. Whatever stuff they're buying. And assume that, like, everybody does that. Let's say, like, a meme stock, for example, A M C. Let's everybody, let's say, assume everybody does the same thing. Hey, they borrow money from those brokers and keep putting monies. Of course, stocks gonna fly, you know, stocks gonna fly. That's what they do. That's. That's how they make money. Because, again, I'm telling you that banks, the banks not gonna Give you interest. The banks not gonna give you interest. You not gonna give you 10%, you know, as the rates are going down. Okay, the borrowers, the borrowers will be happy because they could, you know, person like me, I could start a new project, or maybe I could do renovation, you know, take the money out from equity, stuff like that, you know? But if you are savers, is it gonna be a little bit suffer? That's why you gotta. After you have no choice, you gotta put money in stocks, you know, average, they said. At least if you keep putting money in a stock, average, they said they could guarantee you 5 to 10%, uh, rate of return from your stock. So keep that in mind. Well, just some information sharing