Will Trump say drugs this week? 4% you gonna buy the drugs? Oh yeah. So I'm glad like you watch the first clip I posted in this video like, um, that actually explained uh, that actually explained that what I'm trying to talk about about Poly Market. You can look at the guy the guy did, uh, what the guy did was just like he puts, uh, what's it called? Uh, he puts uh, $2,000 on on a particular trade and he says that uh, Trump is gonna really mention this thing. I mean, Trump was interviewed he said that he's gonna mention drugs. I put $2,000 to win like $56,000 or something like that. That's how public market works. Do you understand that sometimes you bet on probability sometimes you bet on the sudden event like, oh no way Trump's gonna release things like this. You understand that and you're so sure of that and I mean it was around like 4 cents that I bet on that I came to around 4 cents. That's 4 cents. That's why I really like that's why you really make something like that because it was like, you know, it's it's probability you understand people are not like, I'm not so sure like maybe he's gonna say direct or any other thing so it's just like a short clips just to show you how Poly Market functions and how it works you understand like that so and I said in my last Video that I said I'm gonna really be dropping more content about Poly Market and I said I'm gonna really be pushing more content polymarket trying to you know trying to open more eyes of people to like open more eyes of people like into this thing and to also get an advantage of uh of the you know there are advantage of it in Nigeria here. I know I see a lot of people talking about it already but I want you to go around like I mean around you countries and I mean around you in general like people gets to know that there's another way like I make money betting on probability betting on on an event as you show up. And for me I'm kind of so much focused on crypto because sometimes when I see crypto news, I'm just like, oh, this is gonna really play out and that's what I'm doing with people that are around me and if you really wanna be but if you wanna if you wanna really be part or you wanted to be like wanted to be part of it just reach reach out to me. I'll definitely help you. Thanks for watching my content. My name is Dave Cruz. If you like this video like, like if you like what I'm doing here, like follow and share. Thanks for watching. Thank you.