That's our hoping for a blue wave in the November midterms after over performing in a series of recent special elections that we have covered. But what does this look like right now? Senior Chief Data Analyst Harry Enten is here with that. Let's look through some of the big states. Yeah, you wanna start with New York and what that means. Donald Trump made gains in New York. Yeah, Donald Trump made huge gains in 2024 versus 2020 in New York. But now we're looking at a huge democratic rebound. What are we talking about here? Okay, so you go back Democrats margins in New York in 2024. Kamala Harris won New York by just 13 points. Not a very wide margin at all. But take a look here for New York. Look at how the House Democrats or Democrats going for the house of representatives are polling now for 2026. Look at that wide, huge advantage. That is doubling the margin that Kamala Harris had back in 2024. They're up by twenty Seven Points. And of course there are a lot of Republican representatives in New York. You know, talk about Mike Lawler up on the Hudson Valley, right? When you see numbers like this, you have to be really worried if you're Mike Lawler because we're talking about a huge democratic rebound in New York. And often times democratic majorities are built on states like New York eliminating the few Republicans that actually represented in the house. So going from. From New York, go to California. I know You wanted to look at that, too? You've got this. This is what it's looking like in New York. How about California? Yeah, okay. California has a ton of Republicans, right? And obviously, there's a redistricting where Democrats want to eliminate as many Republicans as possible from the house of representatives. Take a look here. Kamala Harris. Again, she won, but this is actually a relatively small margin for Democrats. She won by 20 points out on the West Coast in the. In the big state of California. But take a look at the 2026 House poll. And again, Democrats, a big rebound. This looks a whole heck of a lot more like 2020 than it does like 2024. With Democrats up by 28 points on the house ballot. Again, this is the type of thing that can help aid a democratic majority. As I said, you go back to the big democratic waves. 2,000 six, 2,018. Those house majorities were often times built on getting rid of those few Republicans that exist in those big blue states. And this is the type of number, if you're Democrat, you're giving two thumbs up for, because this looks like the type of number you want if you want a democratic majority in the house. You've got New York, you've got California. But let's talk about Texas, which has been such a. Such a central focus when you look at redistricting efforts and just a lot that has been going on there, especially in Just the last couple weeks. Yeah. There's been a lot going on. You know, we mentioned, of course, that Texas ninth special election, right. That happened on Saturday. Right. That did not happen in isolation. That did not happen in isolation. Again, Republicans have been hoping to squeeze out more Republican seats from that state with the redistricting efforts. Right. These are the types of numbers that should really worry Republicans. Okay. Republicans. Margins in Texas. Trump won it by 14 points. But look at the generic ballot, the generic house ballot. Now we're talking about a Republican advantage of just one, two points. That was a big influence in terms of what happened in Texas. Nine. Yeah, they got a good candidate, but it was also, the environment has shifted so much to the left. Right. This looks a whole heck of a lot like what we saw in 2018 when Republicans barely won that house vote. You put this together with this, together with this, and all of a sudden you can see how Democrats can really get. Bring out a lot of seats from the big states. The blue ones in California, New York, and, of course, the red one, historically, in the state of Texas. So what about the. What are the prediction market saying about this? Yeah. Okay. About the house. Yeah. So just take a look here. The chance of a blowout. This is the chance that the GOP wins under 193 House seats. Three Months ago it was just 8%. Look at where we are today. Up to a 26% chance. Not just that Democrats win back the house, but that Republican really fall through the floor. Alright, Harry, thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Thank you. We'll be right back. Lots of news.