Prediction markets are unbelievably evil and one of the best examples of how corrosive late stage capitalism is. If you have ever seen any of my content, you've probably seen me talk about just how detrimental prediction markets are to our largest society and economy. And you thought I was gonna stop talking about it. I am not going to. And I wanna talk about this new york times article that basically talked about how polly market and colshi and these prediction markets, you know, really played a role in the presidential election. And it talked about how two billion dollars was bet on this election. And it's interesting when you think about it, almost on this like meta level of like democracy itself kind of being broken up into these contracts. And what is it say about a larger society when everything becomes financialized? And i'm not gonna pretend like elections didn't already have a ton of money in them. And you can sway elections cause of money. Um, I think, you know, that's been slightly well documented about how money can lead to political influence. But I do think, I do think it's worth talking about what happens when you can directly bet on the outcome of things. And I think we've seen a lot of recent examples of how much, um, you know, crime and insider trading and just bad behavior is incentivized on these platforms. And when you think about how that can potentially influence a Political election. I think we should all be concerned about those implications. When you transform the outcome of something, whether it's an election, a natural disaster, a pop culture event, into a very specific tradable instrument, you are creating a financial incentive around an event that should have nothing to do with profit motives. That is the financialization of outcomes. And so what happens is, of course, it's about predicting the outcome, right? But it's also about shaping perception. It's about shaping how people think about and respond to an event. And these platforms have really figured out how to monetize uncertainty. You know, the anxiety of not knowing becomes the product that you can trade. And I feel like we've spent the past few years watching financial engineering hollow out a lot of different industries. If you think about private equity, um, hollowing out the healthcare system, you know, this is just a good example of how this could be like those almost next frontier. Taking things that used to be outside of profit motive and finding new ways to financialize them.