I’ve made over $600,000+ in profit on prediction markets like kalshi and poly market. If you've ever wondered how do prediction market platforms work, or should you get into them and try to make money on them in 2026 this is probably the most important video for you to watch. Quick disclaimer this is not financial advice, this is just more general advice. And my experience, first and foremost, even though you can make money on these apps, they are designed to be addictive. So you gotta be very non emotional, very mentally tough. And if you've had problems in the past with sports gambling or gambling on day trading, you might wanna sit this one out because it's hard to sit through all the bullshit. The second thing is, and this is a big one, is people think that insider information is the key to making money on kalshi and poly market. Which it can be. But if your source of insider information is twitter instagram tiktok, just know that for every leak of correct information, there is also a leak of incorrect information. That is just straight B. S. I Got the info from a very trusted source. There was also a lot of rumours going around that travis scott was gonna make a surprise performance. People fell for it. This was market manipulation. So people could just take the other side. And that really is the takeaway here. If you're going to be looking for insider information or on fast acting information where you have to see something and then lock in a bunch of money a few minutes later, you need to have a high level of discernment of is this bullshit? Not just dumping your entire balance on something just because somebody on twitter said something. I think my last and equally most important tip is something that i've talked about before and that is avoiding the long shot bias. You truly want to be consistently profitable on these type of platforms, it's not gonna be on parlay style positions where you put down a little bit of money and make a massive twenty, thirty, forty, a hundred x reward. A lot of times it's taking the easy money where you put down a hundred dollars to make ten, you put down a thousand dollars to make a hundred and you walk away with guaranteed profit. When everyone else is gambling and looking at how much money they'll make if this unlikely thing does happen. Should you start grinding prediction markets in 2026? that's kind of up to you. But if you are going to, you definitely need to be following my page.