This is a brain dead poly market strategy that pretty much anyone can do. And this is actually a crazy strategy to do as a beginner because it doesn't require you to have any knowledge or do any research on your position. I'm gonna show it to you in just a second. It literally boils down to taking advantage of people's greed, people's desire to gamble and people's long shot bias. This is called the beauty contest strategy. And to do this strategy, you're going to find anything on polymarket that is priced at point five cents or less on either the yes or no. Just wanna make sure that this is in a market that has at least a few thousand dollars of volume. And ideally this is something that you're getting in on early before it picks up momentum in the next few days or weeks. Now you might be thinking why the hell would I wanna buy a position that is so unlikely to happen? And that's where the beauty contest element of the strategy comes in. You don't actually need elon musk's number of tweets from february tenth through the seventeenth to be five hundred and sixty to five hundred and seventy nine. You just need to be able to identify that more people in the next few days or weeks are going to become more interested in this poll. And people who like to gamble love to see that when they put ten dollars in Here they'll make fifteen hundred dollars on the payout. So all you need to have happened is get this to go up to a cent or one point five cents and you double triple your money now. Yes, i'm definitely over simplifying this. This is definitely a volume type strategy, but I have personally seen someone on discord who made close to eighty thousand dollars in twenty twenty five doing this. Beauty contest strategy. You're able to find something beautiful at a really low price that in the next few days somebody else is going to find beautiful as well. You are able to make a profit regardless of what the contract is even for or what the actual odds are. It's literally if I buy this early enough, someone else will likely pay more. This takes advantage of other people's long shot bias and just people who want to gamble on these platforms anyways. My name is marcus, all I do is post free videos that help you become a better trader on polymarket and kashi. So that sounds valuable to you? Hit my page with a follow.