This poly market strategy was proven to work over 15,000+ different sessions, and it literally only works because you're taking advantage of other people's emotions. One of the analysts in my discord, rowdy P, was the person to discover this, so full credit to him. This is actually ridiculously easy to do, and i'm about to show you how to do it in the next sixty seconds. As always, this is not financial advice and do your own research. Alright, once you're on polymarket, you're gonna wanna go to the trending tab and then you're going to find the bitcoin fifteen minute up or down poll. You can also search it up. And a major part about this strategy is in order for the setup to work properly, something has to happen in the first six out of fifteen minutes. Right now there's only ten minutes and four seconds left in this session, but after this it's going to reset to a full fifteen minutes. Then the cut off for when you decide if you're going to go through with the strategy or not is going to be at nine minutes. So if the setup doesn't work in the first six minutes, you just have to wait until the next fifteen minute period. And this isn't intuitive, but instead of waiting until the current session ends before you move on to the next fifteen minute period, this strategy actually works best when you go to upcoming fifteen minute periods. And you pre order the limit orders that i'm about to show you. So here's the strategy. You're gonna wanna use three percent of your total trading volume for each limit order. Let's keep this simple and say that my total trading volume is a hundred dollars. So each of the limit orders is going to be three dollars. The three dollars is three percent of the total trading volume of a hundred dollars. But if this was a thousand dollars, it would be thirty dollars. If this was ten dollars, it would be thirty cents. You get the point? If you wanna be super conservative, you could do one or two percent, but definitely don't do more as there is some variance to this strategy. Whatever the active session is that you're on, you're gonna wanna go to the next most upcoming session and put in these two limit orders for three dollars each. You're gonna put in your first limit order on the up for ten cents a share. And then just put in the corresponding amount of shares. So it comes out to again the three percent of the total trading volume. And then the second limit order that you're gonna put in is the exact same thing, but this time on the down for ten cents. For a total of three dollars or three percent of your total trading volume. This way, as soon as that fifteen minute period starts, you already have both limit orders In on both sides at ten cents a share. Now if in the first six minutes either of those limit orders gets filled, you're gonna wanna do two things. You're gonna wanna cancel the other limit order that hasn't gotten filled yet. Even before you do that, you're gonna wanna go put in an immediate sell at a limit price of thirty three cents for those exact shares that you just got at ten cents. Once you have that in place, go cancel the other side that hasn't gotten filled. And now you wait for the remaining minutes in that period for that price to go back up to at least thirty three cents. You'll get about a 2.5 x on your money after fees and everything else. This strategy has very little to do with the actual price of bitcoin and more just taking advantage of the probability of emotional traders on polymarket. With enough time and enough volatility, people will panic buy and panic sell and you will be the one who benefits. If you wanna know all the math behind this, there's a full breakdown inside my discord. I've already tested this for a few hours and from what i've seen, it definitely works. It's currently almost one am here in miami. That's why instead of sitting and waiting for each fifteen minute period and showing you, i'm just explaining this over this quick tiktok. But if you want to see me do this live or If you have any questions drop them down in the comments below. Coz I kinda just threw this together quickly to share this with you because rowdy P just figured this out inside my discord. I can also make a full youtube breakdown going more in depth on this. So if you're interested in more videos about poly market kalshi strategy, how to become good on these platforms, make sure to follow my page because all I do is post free videos that are going to teach you strategies and teach you free game.