Prediction markets are now openly pricing the possibility that Trump leaves office early. This is not like some fringe way. This is real money. Millions of dollars being traded about this. I wanna slow down. Let's look at what this means, because I think some people might. Might overreact or also dismiss this entirely. I think both reactions are wrong. Now, platforms like Kalshi have contracts where people can bet on whether Trump makes it to January of 2029 or doesn't even make it to 2028 or whatever. And these are legal prediction markets. This is people saying, I'm in a. I'm willing to put my money behind this. There are many opinions about whether these betting markets are good for society or an issue for problem gamblers. I'm not ignoring that stuff. But we have data about where people are on this particular issue that I think is really interesting. Now, recent trading puts the odds of Trump leaving office early roughly in these ranges. 19% believe that Trump will not even make it to 2027. One out of five believe Trump won't make it through the to the end of the year. 36% believe Trump won't make it to the end of 2027. In other words, by 2028, before January 1, 2028, Trump will be out. And then 45%, nearly half of the money being wagered, believes Trump will not make it in office until the day he is scheduled to leave, which is January 20th of 2029. Now, Uh, let's talk about the significance of this in plain English. The markets believe there is a non trivial chance Trump does not finish his presidency. That is not typical. Historically, sitting presidents usually do finish their presidencies, and they have very low early departure odds unless there's a major scandal or some clear health crisis. Now, very important point. Prediction markets are not predictions of truth. They are predictions of what the people betting believe will happen. They are sentiment plus risk pricing. They can be wrong, they are often wrong, but they're also not random. They're not disconnected from the reality on the ground. When you see millions of dollars moving, it usually reflects a real situation. And the uncertainty about Trump's ability to finish his term right now is different for different groups? Because so far I've mentioned nothing about why Trump wouldn't finish his term. Is it because of a health problem or is it because of a political problem? Now some people are betting Trump won't finish his term for political reasons. They think about impeachment scenarios, they think about election losses changing the congressional math, and then maybe the numbers would be there, or maybe there's a legal or a constitutional crisis. So institutional conflict. For other people, the reason they are betting on Trump not finishing his term is health related. Age stress, his health situation, the actuarial reality of the oldest president ever, questions about cognitive durability, physical durability. So there isn't Just one story driving these bets. It's the political risk traders and the health risk traders, and then the volatility people who are like, I don't know, the odds are interesting. I'm gonna take a shot at this. I do not believe, for all the possibilities, I do not believe anything short of death or true medical incapacity will remove Donald Trump from office. If you think about the political scenarios, there are not the votes to remove him via impeachment and Senate conviction. Even if Democrats take the house and impeach him, there are not going to be the votes to take him down with a conviction in the Senate. Even if Republicans lose the Senate, which we are talking about as a possibility, there are still not going to be the two thirds of the Senate vote required to actually convict Donald Trump. I don't think you're gonna see Republicans come over, so I don't think that the math is there on that one. Number two, constitutionally, I don't believe there is any path to a 25th amendment removal of Trump without overwhelming bipartisan buy in. And there is zero sign that Trump's Cabinet in any way would be willing to remove Trump via the 25th amendment. Third, and this is sort of like psychological and behavioral. People with strong narcissistic, ego, maniacal traits like Trump are not going to voluntarily give up power. So if we acknowledge, well, impeachments not going to work, 25th amendments not going To happen. Maybe Trump will decide this is becoming an embarrassment. I'm going to resign. People like Trump don't resign out of embarrassment. They don't resign out of pressure. It's just not how it works. So when I look at the leaving office early scenarios, I only am thinking about death. Trump dies and is no longer in office, severe medical incapacity or something unprecedented, something that's just never happened or occurred to us before, that removes him from office. Right now, what the markets are saying is this presidency has way more early exit risk than a normal presidency. And you can see that it spiked recently and the numbers continue to go up. Um, the bigger story, if we zoom out politically, is that this is about the instability that it causes. You know, Trump's leaving early or he's not, or the 25th amendments imminent. The real story here is that global and domestic actors are now modeling a scenario where the American presidency destabilizes in the middle of a presidential term. If you look at history, once institutions start planning for instability, the political environment itself becomes more unstable. And that's the feedback loop we're talking about. The odds of, of. Of climbing, that more and more people believe this is a possibility, generate headlines and behaviour and political momentum. But these are stunning numbers. I don't think I've ever seen numbers like these. We also arguably didn't have this level of position precision before. Um. And Now we have it, and this is a very interesting development. Let me know what you think. Do you believe one or another scenario is more likely? Is death or incapacity more or less likely than a political or constitutional scandal to take Trump down? And in general, do you think it's likely? Leave a comment. Send me an email info at davidpacman com.