One of the biggest political questions of twenty twenty six is whether or not the democrats can take control of the U S. Senate. They need four seats net, uh, to take control away from the republicans. And I think the best chances for the democrats are in four states. That's maine and north carolina are one and two. And then from there I think ohio and alaska are the other two opportunities. In maine, incumbent republican susan collins is not popular with the president, uh, nor is she particularly popular with her party. But she is a republican vote. Currently, she has about eight million cash on hand and no challenge in the primary. Running against her is governor janet mills and newcomer graham platner. Platner is a oyster farmer and a veteran. In early polling, platina was defeating mills in the primary significantly. But that race has tightened some. A platner has about three point seven million on hand and mills has about one point five million on hand. Both are spending money because they have a competitive primary. But what the polling shows is that either one of them beat her, uh, in a close match up. In north carolina, senator tom tillis is retiring and so it's an open seat. The democrats have recruited former popular governor roy cooper to run in that race. And cooper has about twelve million dollars on hand. He's facing, uh, challenger michael watley, who is the former chair of the Republican national committee. And uh. Watley has about four million dollars on hand. So a significant fundraising gap. There's also a big gap right now in the polling. Uh. For many months now cooper has led watley by as much as seventeen and the most recent poll, fourteen points. In alaska, incumbent dan sullivan is being challenged by mary peltola. Uh. Mary pelto was a member of congress who was the representative uh. From alaska uh. In the U S. House. Paltoola is leading right now by two percentage points in a poll, the most recent poll that polled about two thousand registered voters. Now clearly that's within the margin of error. And pitola uh. Raised about one point five million dollars within twenty four hours of announcing her candidacy. But sullivan has five million on hand. And uh. Trump won that state by fifteen points. And finally is the state of ohio where john husted was appointed to fill J D. Vance's uh. Unexpired term. When vance became the vice president, husted was the lieutenant governor and before that was the secretary of state. In most of the recent polling, husted is leading brown by a few percentage points. But brown has on has cash on hand of about ten million dollars versus hustled cash on hand of about six million dollars. And trump's approval rating in the state is about ten percentage points underwater. So this is why I think democrats have a chance in ohio. So that's My breakdown of the best chances for the democrats to take control of the senate. If you have other questions about those states or states I didn't mention, uh, drop them in the comments and i'll try to give them an answer.