Here's a prediction market strategy that works on kalshi and poly market that nobody talks about, but it's actually one of the only strategies that guarantees that you make money. Now this doesn't work for everything, but this is especially works well if you're just getting into prediction markets and you don't have that much money. Cause this strategy literally just boils down to taking advantage of mispriced lines in really low volume niche markets. For example, this dating show right here where you can vote on who's gonna get married, who's gonna get engaged. On this poll, there's only a few thousand dollars of total volume. But the way that the math comes out on this is if you put fifty dollars on no for every single candidate on this netflix show, it'll cost you seven hundred and fifty dollars to put no on every single candidate. But at the end when everything settles, you're guaranteed to make a profit of a hundred and thirty seven dollars, which is an over eighteen percent guaranteed return. Like, are you kidding me? A guaranteed eighteen percent? Warren buffett would be creaming himself over something like that. But again, this only works with small volumes. You can't put down ten thousand dollars and still make an eighteen percent return as of slippage and total volume. But you can find these type of discrepancies by literally just copying and pasting the entire page and putting it into chat GPT This is One of the best beginner strategies out there because again, the math guarantees that you profit if you do it right. Just a quick note, i'm not actually recommending that anyone goes to this exact poll I'm just using this as an example. With how small these markets are, there's really only an opportunity for one or two people to take advantage of these edges. So you kinda gotta find these on your own. This is insane. Anyone who's willing to spend a little bit of time can do this. My name is marcus. All I do is post free videos that are gonna teach you how to be better on prediction markets like kalshi and poly market. So if that sounds valuable to you, follow my page.