Alright, so I'm just keeping it together here cause it's been a day. House Bill 161 comes up to the floor today. It came up on second reading yesterday. The patron said, hey, look, to be clear, we already have cell phone gambling in Virginia. We're just wanting to tax and regulate it. Well, you know, we've already got human trafficking in Virginia. We've already got rape, murder, and strong armed robbery here in Virginia. Should we tax and regulate those too? What this Bill does is it absolutely puts a piece of deadly poison in the hands of our young men who are targeted. The same people who gave us the “Virginia Commission on men and boys” I don't want raising my sons, are saying we need internet casinos on our phones. And I had a guy come up to me and go, “well, I voted for skill games, so I have to vote for this.” Really? Is there a skill game on your bedside table? Is there a skill game in your pocket? This is horrible. 23 states were asked to do this last year. Zero did. in Virginia, It died in subcommittee and it was resurrected. It died in committee and it was resurrected. It died in the Senate yesterday and it was resurrected. And then some members mysteriously disappeared to change the vote so that it passed. today in the house We did something that I've never seen anyone do, or almost never. And that is, we changed votes with the speech. Super proud of that. Got to give all the credit and glory to god, right? I mean, I did the best I could with what I got. We flipped about five people from yes to no, and we killed that Bill. So proud of that. But wait, there's more. So what happens next is one of the guys, the patron of the Bill said, voted to kill it because he knew it was gonna fail. If you vote on the prevailing side, you can move to bring a Bill back. Having voted on the prevailing side, he moves to bring the Bill back. The Democrats go to caucus for 20 minutes, and magically, every single Democrat turns from, you know, whatever they thought was right to yes. We're gonna show you the Bill count. It's in the video. This is absolutely mind numbing. Governor Spanberger, if you don't veto this. Ugh. I mean, it's died in both chambers. It's died in the house alone three times. And then brought back to life. Follow the money. Over $3 million lavished upon politicians to get an outcome that will hurt your children. Young men addicted to gambling on their phones are not once, not twice, not five, not 10 times more likely to take their own life. They're 15 times more likely. The Harvard School of Public Policy says it's 10 times more addictive than brick and mortar casinos, which I don't like either. Um, this is just terrible. And it's another example of us putting money over human life and well being. By golly, I'll stand up to it and call out people as I see them on both sides. I hope you'll watch and share this video, but more importantly, you gotta You gotta get this part to understand what you're gonna see in the other one. It is the darndest thing I've witnessed in three different legislative bodies over the course of a decade. But we're staying here and we're gonna keep fighting. I'm super grateful to everybody who put me here so much. Thank you so much. Uh, because all I wanna do is live a life that makes a difference. And this is a Bill where we have a chance to make a difference. And some other people decided instead they'd rather to make money. Shame on them. Tell your friends to vote.