Poli Market was banned in France after a French earned $85,000,000 by betting on Trump's election victory Lines. And this guy, he had understood something that nobody had understood yet, is that the media polls were right 70% of the time, give 1 very close fight, 50, 50 between Trump and Camala Harris, while prediction markets, they are right 95% of the time and Donny Trump largely favored. But then what makes it so far apart? Well, it's very simple, from the moment you put your sorrel, and well, you're talking less right away. And then there is an economist named Robin Hansson who asked himself 1 question just. He thought, well, wouldn't we integrate the prediction markets to govern 1 country, since they are always right, This principle is called futarchy. You'll probably hear about it in 5, 10 years. The principle of futarchy is simple, citizens will vote for major policy decisions. Let's admit increase purchasing power or reduce public debt. If people vote to increase purchasing power, the government at that time will propose 1 law. So let's admit to increasing the minimum wage to €2,000. At that time, you have 1 prediction market which opens with 1 simple question, is the median purchasing power of a French will increase within 3 years, if the minimum wage increases to €2,000, people will vote yes or no. There is more yes, the law will pass, otherwise it is rejected. And then you're probably saying that it will never work because people will vote for their own interest. But if you have 1 Snickers voting yes just because he will think that he will be richer with 1 Snickers to €2.000 but that the The reality is that all the bosses have to fire, that there will be more unemployment, that we will automate tasks and that in the end well the purchasing power will not increase, well the people who will have evolved yes, they will just lose money over time. They will just learn one thing, is that in the prediction markets, we don't vote for what we want but for what will work. And that's why with the futarchy, we can no longer manipulate political decisions. And if you think you'll never make the weight against 1 billionaire who can absolutely pass 1 law, even if it is buggy, well it goes You will have to put 1,000,000 euros on it. If it's totally stupid, well everyone will vote the other way around. And in the end, this billionaire, by putting a lot of money on 1 event that is totally stupid, it will just make increase the rating of a super likely event. So in the end, if it doesn't pass because it makes sense. People will just take his money, so it makes all the political decisions extremely difficult to handle. So the question today is, do prediction markets and therefore collective intelligence would make better policy decisions than our politicians?