Do you know how reliable are prediction platforms like Kalshi? How reliable are they? Okay, well, from my perspective, um, the. The thing about Kalshi that got me. You remember, you were here, like, on the 2024 election? We were sitting here, and all the polls, you know, all the different news channels flipping through it, were saying, it's a tight. It's a tight race. Some of them did call the winner, right, Trump. Right. But then when you go and look at Kalshi at that time, remember, we looked at it, and it was like, a landslide for Trump, right? And we didn't see it at that time. No, because we were, you know, we're. We're. We were all paying attention to mainstream media, and they were. The polling was tight, was tight. Kamala was winning or Trump was winning, but it was still tight. And the next thing you know, Kalshi was like, landslide. And guess what happened. Ever since that day, I was like, you know, these prediction markets like Kalshi, it makes sense because, you know, when you poll someone, for example, they don't have any quote, unquote money on the line. But when you look at the prediction markets, it's futures. It's where the money is going. Like options trade on a stock, it's the same thing. Money is going that way. And you always, you know, you always. You have a better. To me, it's a better prediction when you see where the money You follow the money, right. And even, like. Like today, there was a. A article I read on X that the Federal Reserve did a research paper on prediction markets, and they called out Kalshi, and they said, you know, that our results suggest that Kalshi markets provide a high frequency, continuously updated, distributionally rich benchmark that is valuable to both researchers and policymakers. The bottom line is, you're saying that there, you know, in. In layman's terms, they're saying that the data that they provide in their predictions is valuable for researchers and policymakers, meaning that you. Right. See what I mean? It's true from what we. We found back in 2024 election. We saw that. So that's. Yeah, I do believe, like, that's why it's my go to. If it's certain things that I'm not familiar with or anything, I just go there. It's the same thing. When I look at a stock. If I'm not sure about the stock, I haven't done the research, I wonder where they. They're predicting the earnings is gonna go, where the stocks gonna go. I look at the futures market, I look at the options market. Same thing. Cool. Hmm.