This is about like, how about we build something that can price simple questions about the future. So the story of kashi is I went to MIT and I wasn't a very social guy. I was a little bit of a math nerd. And by that I mean like a super big math nerd. It just like always was enamored with like objectivity of math. There was like something beautiful about probabilities and not numbers. And I got into the sort of this theory around prediction markets and there was some theory. So really it started with this economist hayek. In nineteen forty five we talked a lot about this idea. That information is surprisingly disperse, non central. We often make decisions in a centralized way. So you have a group of people, like a government or a company that has very small percentage of the information they need to make a decision. But if they could have all that information that could be sitting in hawaii or could be sitting in new york or could be sitting in queens, what, anywhere, they would make better decisions. And. And the best way to bring that information is via market is incentivize people to come and trade and participate to bring whatever information they have about something. Some people may be following brexit and they're figuring out how their neighbors are feeling and they may come and trade it. And some people are, I don't know, trump fanatics and they. You Know, are thinking about how their neighbors might vote, and they might come and trade it. I really love the idea, because if you could build that market one, it could be bigger than any of the other markets, because more people will care. Right? And you're seeing how much people care about prediction markets now, because you get it right. It's, it's not very hard. Will it rain tomorrow? How much is it gonna snow in DC? The second thing is, it'd be very useful, because if you believe in markets, they're a very good way to aggregate the crowd wisdom. If we could build this thing, it would make us a little bit smarter about the future, instead of like, climate change is real. One hundred percent, everybody else is an idiot. And climate. Climate change is a hoax. One hundred percent, it's a hoax, everybody else is an idiot. Would come somewhere in the middle. Markets tend to not lie. They're not as polarized, they're not as aggressively subjective. I, I didn't really think about being an entrepreneur. I was really gonna. Gonna go work at citadel and be a trader, but then the idea wouldn't leave me. It was just like, I just realized after a year or two, is like, if I don't start it, i'm just gonna regret it for the rest of my life. So we decided to start, and that's when the whole journey started.