How much would you bet that the US will attack Iran by the end of February or next month, or the end of this year? While media outlets have been reporting on the US military build up in the Middle East, people have been turning to prediction markets to find out the odds of anything happening. On platforms like Poly Market, millions of dollars are already pouring into the probability of this strike happening. Supporters of these platforms describe them as valuable sources of information that harness the wisdom of the crowd. After all, polimarket correctly predicted a win by Donald Trump in the 2024 US presidential election before the polls did. But critics of prediction markets say they dehumanize conflict, since these are real world events with human cost. When Israel, with the help of the US, attacked Iran in June 2025, hundreds of people were killed and thousands were injured during 12 days of war. But even before a single bomb was dropped, Polly market users were already making bets on when it would happen. One market predicted that Israel would hit Iranian oil infrastructures in June with a probability greater than 99%. Right now, polymarket and kowsi are the two biggest in this space, and they're growing fast, but with differences. Kowsi is a regulated US exchange and trades in US dollars. It has banned bets involving war or assassination. Polymarket, on the other hand, allows these sorts of bets and trades in cryptocurrency. It runs on the blockchain And its users are often anonymous. People bet on all sorts of future events on these platforms. There's the mundane, like the date of Taylor Swift's wedding, to the geopolitical, like the abduction of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in January. One anonymous user made $400,000 on poly markets by betting Maduro would be out by the end of January, which raised some red flags about potential insider trading. The fallout from prediction markets doesn't end there. In one instance, Israel's internal security agency arrested and charged several people suspected of using classified military information on poly markets, although the agency did not clarify which particular bets allegedly took place on the platform. Another concern with sites like polymarket is whether they amount to gambling or seen as financial markets. The answer varies depending on the country's regulatory body. Countries like the UK, France, and Singapore have blocked polymarkets and classified it as gambling. In the US, opinion varies state to state, and there's at least 20 federal lawsuits against companies like caushi and Polymarket. The founders of these platforms disagree. The CEO of Polymarket, Shane Coplan, said that unlike a betting site where you make a bet and it's against the house, on polymarket you own a share for. Coplan's prediction markets operates more like financial forecasting tools, the information sources that could replace polls. Pundits and media institutions, and many major news outlets have already signed partnerships with these platforms to gain access to their prediction data. But of Course, there's a difference between predicting sports and betting on a war and the ethical concerns that come with that. So do these platforms provide clarity, or do they turn human suffering into financial gain? These questions will become more pressing as geopolitical bets continue to rise.