You made three big predictions, 1 that Trump would win, 2, that he would start a war with Iran and 3, that the U. S. Would lose that war. Quite a stunning prediction. You know, do you stand by it? Um, the reality is that right now it's a war of attrition between United States and Iran. And Iranians have been preparing 20 years for this conflict and now they have a pretty good strategy of how to weaken and ultimately destroy the American empire. So what uh, the Iranians are doing is they're waging war against the entire global economy. And so they are striking the GCC countries. They're going after the critical energy infrastructure. They blocked off the Tripadvisor moose and eventually they will go after the water desalination plants which is the lifeblood of these nations because they don't have fresh water supply. The uh, Iranians are actually threatening the very existence of Saudi Arabia, UAE, uh, Qatar. And what this is important is that the Gulf states are really the linchpin of the American economy. So what they do is they sell petrol dollars and then they recycle the petro dollars back into the American economy through the investments in the stock market. And right now we know that the entire American economy is propped up by AI investments in data centers and a lot of that comes from uh, the Gulf states. So if the uh, Gulf states are no longer able to sell oil and They're no longer able to finance, uh, AI, uh, this AI bubble in the United States, then this AI AI bubble will burst and with it will, uh, will burst as well, as well as the entire American economy, which is really a financial Ponzi scheme. Yeah. I mean, to your point, sir, an Amazon data center was literally hit in the U. A. E. We also want to talk to you about munitions. United States is racing to accomplish Iran mission before munitions run out. United States military is not designed to fight a 21st century war. of the military industrial complex came to being after World War 2. And it's designed to fight the Cold War. And the Cold War was really about muscle flexing, who was the first to get the person on the moon. And so, the entire American military strategy revolves around very sophisticated technology that cost a lot of money to, uh, build. And that's what the, um, American air defence system is. And that's why we're seeing this asymmetrical in this war where you have these million dollar missiles trying to take out these 50,000 dollar drones. And it's not sustainable, uh, in the long term. And so, what we're seeing is really the puncturing of the aura of invincibility that sustained American hegemony for the past 20 years.