Prediction markets had two really big misses last night in the Texas primaries. And this one in particular, the first round winner in the Texas Senate Republican primary, I think much more reflected conventional wisdom than actual polling. So you can see here before polls closed, they were giving Ken Paxton a 92% chance of winning. As you can see after the polls closed and we started getting results, it quickly flipped to now 100% chance of John Cornyn winning the first round of the primary before the runoff. That was the general Twitter's sphere. Election nerd's sphere view on this race is that Ken Paxton would eke out a win in the first round. However, when we look at the polling at the end of the race, the average was about 38 to 35. The last high quality Yougov poll had this at a 3 point race, well within the margin of error. A margin of error race, I do not think justifies a 92% chance for Ken Paxton to win the first round. So I think this was very mispriced and if I was a betting man, I should have put money on this one because you could have made bank here. The other big miss was the Dan Crenshaw Steve Toth primary. So you can see here, before polls closed, Dan Crenshaw was at a 71% chance of winning, Steve Toth at 29%. Steve Toth actually won a pretty convincing victory here. And then what I think Is so interesting is Dan Crenshaw was the only Texas incumbent without a Trump endorsement. And Ted Cruz was actively campaigning on Steve Toth's behalf, cutting campaign ads for him. And because this is a congressional race, there wasn't any polling here that I could find. But just based on those two factors, I think Dan Crenshaw was probably more vulnerable than the 71%. Justified. And going back to the Texas first round result, we should also remember that John Cornyn spent over $90 million on this race, over 10 x what Ken Paxton spent. So I'm not surprised that he won the first round. And I think this one in particular was very mispriced, given the polling, the spending. And I think this was really based on vibes and conventional wisdom, which is why I think we should look at prediction markets with a grain of salt. The other thing I would just say here that I am worried about is that while we have a history of pollster herding to other pollsters, as in pollsters not wanting to release results that are that different than what other people are doing, my particular fear is that pollsters will start herding to prediction markets. So if you get a result contrary to a prediction market, as a pollster, are you gonna be afraid to drop those numbers? Are you gonna fiddle with the different demographic breakdowns a little bit to push it more towards the prediction market? So more herding is Just gonna put more false signals out there when it comes to elections. And so I really hope we do not see herding to prediction markets.