Can Democrats finally flip Texas in 2026? With Donald Trump's tanking approval ratings and a divisive Republican primary, this year's Senate race may be their best shot in almost 40 years. And they're betting on a unique type of politician, the likes of which we haven't seen since before the Second World War. Democrats once thought winning Texas was inevitable. Latinos were becoming the state's largest group and they reliably voted Democratic. Then in 2024, Trump changed everything. He made huge gains with Latino voters, nearly flipping one of the Democrats strongest regions, Latino majority South Texas. But two years later, the picture looks different. Trump's deportation agenda and his handling of the cost of living crisis pushed voters, especially Latino voters back to the Democrats. And they may have found the perfect candidate to ride that wave. James Talarico is a progressive Democrat who quotes the Bible. Not the parts about marriage or abortion, but the parts about loving your neighbour and caring for the vulnerable. He's a throwback to the Social Gospel movement of the 1900s when farmers, workers and preachers banded together to fight big business. That religious centre left populism resonated strongly with white and Latino voters in the Democratic primary. But he'll also need to convince the predominantly black Democratic base in Dallas and Houston who overwhelmingly backed his opponent, Jasmine Crockett. In a state as red as Texas, he'll need to drive turn out and win over Independents to have a real shot at victory. Luckily, he might have help. One of the candidates in the Republican primary is Ken Paxton. He's the controversial pro Trump attorney general who was impeached for corruption and accused of adultery. If Paxton wins the runoff in may, a contest with the faith-driven Talarico could depress Republican turnout and motivate Democrats. If Talarico can build a big multiracial coalition, he could finally paint Texas blue. Just this once. Follow for more midterm analysis.