Been a bit since I looked at the Senate map and what's going on. And for the first time that I can remember, we have a toss up, Alaska in the race to the White House model. Dams are up to a 42% chance of winning the Senate, which is been creeping up for a while now. And you can see that the range of outcomes have really started to skew. The most likely outcome is the Dems gaining three seats according to this model. I'm gonna kind of run through this real quick, but we'll start with North Carolina, which is like, effectively likely d at this point. Cooper is that big of a favorite and that popular in the state, in the national environment is just so bad for. Gee, I. I wonder why it's bad for the Republicans. I don't know. Then we come to Maine, which to me is such a fascinating race. Collins has been able to fend off, uh, many challenges in her. Now, this is her fifth time running. When she said she was only running twice. And Plattner has shown real strength in all polling and in the crowds he's drawing. He's up on Mills, and he polls a lot better in a general matchup. He does better with independence, and he even picks off some Republicans poll after poll. He's just the stronger candidate and main like some more in Mills. Um, her being the governor is not helping her cause in this situation. The third most likely flip is Ohio, where brown is, uh, favored in this model to win the special election against Husted. I'll believe it when I see it. But, um, Ohio was closer than people expected last cycle and midterm. You know, there's a lot of factors in that show that this is a very, very possible flip. Then we get to the tougher ones. I mean, Ohio's not easy by any stretch, but Mary Paltola is, uh, putting up a fight in a state that you would, you wouldn't think. Her odds have been increasing as time goes. She has a higher approval rating. And again, the national environment is looking to prop. Probably be very blue just after Alaska, uh, Texas, uh, tallerico being the candidate, um, they, they think he has a 34% chance even against Cornan, who they now think will actually beat Paxton. But that one is a battle too, with how the primaries went and how Turner was higher on the Dem side. And they, they sort of dummy mandred themselves on the house side where they were. They created new maps using, um, cross tabs that assumed this Hispanic voters are gonna vote for Republicans like they did in 2024. And that does not look like it's going to happen. Next we have Iowa, which, um, I haven't, haven't heard a lot about Iowa, but based on the polling and the environment, it looks like the governor's race, the Senate race, a Bunch of house races. Uh, it's gonna be competitive. And the last race that, like, is really intriguing and worth talking about is Nebraska. Dan Osborn, um, running as an independent, kinda backed by the Dems yet again, facing rickets. Uh, a billionaire who was handed the seat. And polling has been close at. There have been polls with Osborne OB. So if you're looking to focus on states and donate or, you know, help in any way, um, those are probably the best states to pour effort into. There are other states that are fringe, like long shots. Um, Florida, Montana, and South Carolina. Kansas, uh, interestingly, too, but it is still early and unclear on how the primaries will shake out in some of those states. I just. South Carolina. Are you really gonna vote Lindsey Graham in again? Really?