My prediction is essentially, um. I think the markets this year are gonna go down. Uh, dangerous, man. I think. I think we're, uh. Oh, I think we're on the precipice of like a ten trillion dollar wipeout. Whoa. Um, really? Oh, yeah. Tell all. Well, not. And by the way, I get this wrong all the time, this is not financial advice. But I don't think it's from Iran. It's from what comes after Iran. Um, and this is. This is the chain reaction here. Uh, I don't think oil is gonna. I think oil is not gonna be at 150 bucks, but it's gonna be. It's. It's gonna be sustainably higher. It's going to be elevated through the rest of the year. And inflation in some markets reigns. The Fed can't cut rates, they're trapped. Um, to inspire the economy cause they're worried about inflation. I think corporate earnings are really impaired as consumers stop spending because some of them will be paying five bucks a gallon for gas and their 4 O 1 k will start to decline and Q2 earning season becomes bad. And then what CEOs do when things are sort of bad is they throw in the kitchen sink and they'll make it look like a blood bath just to get all the bad shit out. That's a good idea actually. But the real contagion, uh huh, uh huh. Here is gonna be from emerging markets. I think there's a decent chance that Pakistan And Egypt default. Oh wow. As well as Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. Dollar denominated debt. Very energy dependent, very fragile economies because they all. They all. There's this domino effect in those markets because they can't afford oil imports and their dollar denominated debt just becomes unpayable. And then the real downward spiral starts. European banks holding that emerging market debt start announcing write downs. Um, foreign banks, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, all hugely exposed. Credit spreads blow out and we get sort of a. Not this to the same extent, but we get an 0 8 style. Which bank is next moment. Except this time it's happening while the US is fighting a war we started for no reason. Right?