Are you sick and tired of seeing these? I just made $50 million with my polymarket bot using Openclaw. A lot of people are asking me for this exact thing, these strategies. How can I just print money out of nowhere? And I'll give you my honest thoughts with this is think about this one concept. Imagine you actually built a bot that could print you cash. Would you go out and publicly share it with anybody? I'll give you a better example. Let's say you were in the mountains and you were digging for gold and you found the gold vein and you found kilos of gold. Would you go on social media and be like, hey, check out this address. Here's my pin on Google Maps. There's free gold laying around these mountains. Unless you're bozo, the answer is no. So my thoughts are a lot of these are scams. A lot of people are doing these posts, doing these videos because they're trying to get you to buy a service using their strategies. And I'm not calling at anybody specifically, but the thing is, are there good people that are not gatekeeping? Yes, but the reality is, and I looked at the data, 99.5% of people on polymarket trading are losing money. 99.5%. All of the money on poly market, all the trading, the BTC and the weather, all that crap is made by point zero five % of the traders. I'm not saying it's impossible, but it's extremely difficult. These financial Markets have existed forever, and there is way bigger whales out there with billions of dollars trying to crack the system. So before you go and pay 1,000, 5,000, 10 thousand dollars, which is what I've seen people promoting into these systems, what I would do, if you're really, genuinely interested, is start small. Take one of these strategies, do paper trading, customize the strategy to your, to your actual preference. And if you don't know anything about it, I wouldn't even go down this rabbit hole, because the fact that 99.5% of people are losing, you're gonna be one of those people unless you're a genius. And if you are, then just do it for yourself and make a ton of money and don't share it, because you wouldn't. And the ones that are actually doing it, I know a few people that are making money, and I said, hey, show me your strategy. And they're like, dude, are you crazy? I'll show you after it stops working. But you best believe that I'm all in. I'm gonna be setting this up this weekend. I'm gonna be testing a bunch of strategies. I have a friend of mine actually, who's gonna be helping with this and going deep, deep into it. So hopefully I could figure it out. But I will show you how to set it up, how to run it properly, how to set it up securely, and actually how to protect yourself so you don't lose. All your money. And I'm not trying to poo poo on people's strategies and people's bags and trying to make money. Go, have at it. But I'm just giving you a warning that a lot of people are losing money. So definitely keep that in the back of your mind before you drop a ton of cash. There are good people, but they're not out there publicly talking about it. Nobody would. It's stupid. So go have fun, do some paper trading, and if you figure out a strategy that's actually working for you, then go try with real money, but only then. And of course, if I do find a strategy that is working, then I'm not gonna tell you about it. But I will tell you after it stops working how it worked, because I'll be off on the beach just letting my polymarket bot make me millions.