Could Trump be planning to avoid the midterm elections by putting the country under an emergency state if Iran attacks the US directly? Yeah, that's a good question. It's a scary question, but we shouldn't just dismiss it. This is a president who sat in the Oval Office next to Zelensky a few months ago. I clocked this, some others did. A lot of people missed it. And journalists asked Zelensky, why aren't you holding elections? And Zelensky said, how can I hold elections? We're under occupation. We're in a war. I can't hold elections while we're in a state of emergency. And Trump's immediately caught that and immediately turned to the press and said, oh, you're saying that if you're in a war, you don't have to hold elections? So let me just say three and a half years from now. So you mean, if we happen to be in a war with somebody, no more elections? And people chuckled, and Trump chuckled. But classically, with Trump, you never know if he's fully serious, half serious, serious at all. Uh, I take him seriously on such things. His brain, whatever is in there, uh, was worrying clearly that this could be an excuse. We know he doesn't want to hold free and fair elections. We know in the past, uh, he's talked about delaying elections, postponing elections. Um, I don't think the war as it currently stands would give him any grounds to do that, but god forbid there Was any kind of terrorist attack in this country? Uh, god forbid there was a repeat of a 9 11 that they claimed was orchestrated by Iran, then, yes, I can see him pushing for that. Of course, anyone who thinks he wouldn't do that is crazy. They haven't been paying attention to Donald Trump. They haven't been paying attention to the Republican Party. People don't know this, but Rudy Giuliani in 2001 went to the authorities and said, I want to stay on as mayor. His term was up. He said, delay the elections. Let me stay on longer because of 9 11. And that was overruled. At the time, he wasn't able to do that legally. But the aspiration was there to use a terrorist attack to stay in office. And, no, I wouldn't put it past Donald Trump or Peter Hegseth or any of the people in this administration to use an attack on, on, quote, unquote, the homeland to try and justify either delaying, postponing, or changing the midterm elections, which they're going to lose badly, and they know it.