Alright boys, no long intro. You want to know the differences between kalshi and polymarket? That's exactly what this video is going to explain. The pros and cons of using each platform. Which situation should you use one platform over the other? I'm gonna go over everything right here in this video. And if you're wondering why, you should listen to me. My name is Marcus. I made over $600,000 on these two platforms in just a little bit over a year. So I don't wanna glaze myself too hard, but I know what I'm talking about. Let's get right into the differences between these two platforms. So first, I'm gonna go over the big differences. The big differences are how you can get money in and out of the platforms, how they're regulated in different regions, and which ones are situationally better depending on what your strategy is. So first, Kalshi is a CFT regulated exchange, meaning you can use your bank account, you can use your debit card, and just take money just like you're venmoing a friend, and send it from your bank account to Kalshi. Now, Poly Market is a completely crypto based platform. Sure, you can deposit with your credit card, you can sign up with your Paypal, but that's just gonna turn into crypto, which then gets deposited into a crypto based platform. So Poloniex uses crypto, Kalshi uses traditional banking. Now, the pros and cons of both of those is that Kalshi is Regulated in the US especially. So if they take your money or they don't let you withdraw, you can legally go sue them and you have legal rights to get your money back. Now, not that I've ever seen this issue with Poly Market. No one's ever had this issue that I've seen. But you technically have no protections anytime you deposit your money into Poly Market. Now, in the same way, Poly Market has the advantage of being crypto based because I can deposit $100,000 or withdraw $100,000 in 60 seconds or less, where with Kalshi there's gonna be a lot more fees associated, or it could take one to three days to get any money in or out. And that kind of leads me into my next point, which is the legal status of both platforms. Now, this is going to change depending on what country you are in, what region you're in. So you need to do your own research on this. But I think the biggest one is that ploy market is not technically legal in the United States, and Kalshi is fully legal and certified in the United States. Now, I don't recommend that you be a naughty boy and do this, but many, many people in the United States will still access Poly Market by using a VPN. But this is technically a violation of their terms of service. I haven't heard of anyone actually getting in trouble or getting funds frozen for this, but do your Own research and make your own decisions if you're going to try to use Point Market in the United States right now, they do have an app that you can use, but it's actually only sports. So it's not the full suite of every single position in every single market. It's only sports. So it's basically just a sports gambling app that you can get on a waitlist on. So, again, kind of going off the legality and how each of the two different platforms are structured, how she requires you to have KYC verification, which stands for know your customer, meaning in order to stay compliant with US laws, anti money laundering, tax code, stuff like that, they require you many times to put in your driver's license, Social Security number, your address, all that sort of information that they can use to then report to the government. On the flip side of things, because Poly Market is purely crypto based, they do not require any KYC. You don't have to put in your social, you don't have to put in your driver's license. But again, depending on what country or region you're in, this can be a great area. So you need to do your own research and you need to be more responsible in terms of reporting your income, reporting your earnings and that sort of thing. Again, this is definitely not financial advice or legal advice on which platform you should use. I'm just breaking them down. Factually, and how each of the platforms work. Now, the next thing that I want to get into is probably the most important for actual professional traders, and that is fees associated with the two different platforms. And the big takeaway here, I can explain it in a lot of detail or a little bit of detail, but the big takeaway here is Kalshi has significantly more trading fees. Now, ploy market has always been better on fees. They used to have almost no fees on platform and they're slowly introducing fee. He's on take your fees. But really the best thing that you can do in terms of comparing both platforms is just to compare both platforms. If you're looking at a position on Kalshi, go look at it on polymarket, look at the fees that they're taking and see how that affects the payout that you get on the position that you're taking. And then one more pro that polymarket has is they do offer incentives. So in the same way that they offer fees for people who are doing market orders and taking liquidity out, they offer fee incentives for maker markets and people who are staking positions on the platform. Now, this next comparison is situational, but this is also going to be incredibly important depending on what your strategy is on prediction markets. And again, I'm explaining this in the most simple way possible, but here we go. The main category that's going to be Better to use on Kalshi, it's going to be sports. Almost everything else is going to be better on a poly market, whether that be politics, mention markets, crypto 5 minute up or down, crypto 15 minute up or down. All of these type of things are going to be better on poly market in terms of fees, in terms of total volume, Kalshi has really tried to compete with sports betting platforms like Fanduel and Draft Kings. So they've really marketed and done all their ads to sports gamblers. I kind of made an estimated chart showing the different volume and liquidity between both platforms. So in terms of politics and really anything else, point market is going to usually have three to five times as much volume as Kalshi. And the only market where Kalshi has an edge, but it's a significant edge, is going to be sports. They almost have five to seven times more volume on Kalshi than they do on Poly market. Now, if you're a serious prediction market trader, you probably shouldn't even be taking sports positions in the first place unless you're doing some really serious strategy. With live betting. You have people in games or in person at the game, but that's kind of for a separate video. So kind of the big takeaway here is unless you're only doing sports, polymarket is going to be a better platform with more volume, with more liquidity and more action on any Position that you're looking to take. I'm not gonna explain too much why more volume is better, but just take my word for it. More volume is going to be better for your strategy. And make it so you lose less money on juice. Kind of already went over these deposit methods here, but let's get into platform reliability. And in terms of these websites crashing, in terms of these websites glitching, in terms of these websites not letting you cash out on your positions, both of them are absolutely terrible. If you take prediction market seriously, over the course of the next few months, I guarantee that you will lose money, that you will miss out on a trade because one of these platforms glitched on you. Especially if you're being a naughty boy and you're using a VPN on Poly Market. That increases the chances of the website not refreshing properly, of it not canceling a limit order that you have. There's not really one platform that is way more consistent and never gonna crash on you, but there's issues across both platforms. This isn't really a good deciding factor on which platform to use, but that could change in the future. Now, this is something else that I want to talk about real quick before we get to the end of the video, where I kind of go over the final pros and cons. And this is kind of explaining a good rule of thumb that you Should be using if you're comparing both platforms and how you can even look for arbitrage opportunities between the two different platforms. Let's say on a politics market, it says Marco Rubio is going to be the 2028 presidential nominee. And there is a yes on poly market at 42 cents for him to be the nominee. And there was a no on Kalshi at 55 cents for him to be the nominee. The combined cost is less than a dollar. This is what you call arbitrage. This strategy has been around for a long time, since the early sports gambling days. But this is a way that you can mathematically guarantee a profit by taking advantage of two separate platforms having two different price lines. there's a little bit of fees on polymarket, there's a little bit of fees on Kalshi. So you wanna make sure that you're still going to be profiting even after all the fees. But this is definitely something that I wanna go more in depth on and make a video on, because especially for beginners, having a way to guarantee a profit is so big for growing your starting trading volume. So if you wanna see that video, go check out my page. It might already be posted. Subscribe so you don't miss it when I do post it. It's kind of more situational again what I have here. But edge matters in terms of prediction markets. So how can you decide Whether you want to use kalshi or player market, a lot of times it's like, hey, maybe these people, these insiders already hammered this line on kalshi, but there's still an opportunity to get good value on polymarket or vice versa. But for example, when Trump dropped a big over there in that one place, maybe the opportunity to make money and snipe a position on poly market goes away, but there's still, you know, 7 8% of value over on Kalshi. That is when you should be looking at the two platforms and comparing the two. That is probably the number one example of when you're gonna be looking at the two different platforms and using both simultaneously. Literally just based off of which platform is going to give you a bigger payout. So let's hit the TL DR. Let's look at the final comparison between Kalshi and polymarket. And again, I'm not 100% recommending that you use one platform or the other. Do your own research. Figure out what laws you have to follow, what makes most sense for your strategy. Let's get into the pros on each platform. Polymarket. Pros if there's more markets that you can access to and more volume in every other market except for sports. It says higher political volume, but that's higher volume in everything but Sports. Pro is that it's crypto based. If you don't think this is a pro, I guess you could say that this is a con. But This is, in my opinion, an absolute benefit because you get faster withdrawals, faster deposits, everything super quick and easy with no fees. And then again, obviously, in terms of actually trading in your positions, there's significantly less fees than Kalshi. Now, in terms of cattle you post, it's fully legal in the United States, so you can feel good about this. Your account is going to understand it. They're going to send you all the proper documentation and forms. It uses traditional banking, and there is stronger sports liquidity. Even though we talked about if this, is that really a pro or not? Because do pro traders really trade on sports? Not really, but if you're interested in sports, Kalshi is definitely the better platform. And this is the final pro that I want to get into about Kalshi, and that is APY for position holdings. And this is something that polymarket does not offer. A lot of times there could be something that could be 10 months out or a year out. But the position is priced at ￠95. So it doesn't really make sense to lock up, you know, $1,000 to only make $50 over the course of the year. You're better off just depositing your money into a high yield savings account or money market account, and you can get five and a/2 or 6% with no risk. But on Kalshi, they offer anywhere from 3.5 to 4% APY on your holdings. So you can combine that return that You get of that 95 cent share that will resolve in a year, as well as the three and a half to 4% of APY that you get from holding that position for a year as well. So it's closer to 8 or 9%. Now, Kalshi's APY has changed a lot, so you should look into what it currently is at. This is definitely one of the most significant pros about Kalshi over polymarket. But again, this is very situational. If you're not taking super far out, super high price positions, this isn't really that much of a pro. And then we almost kind of went over this between the pros of two platforms. But the cons and poly market is it's not officially available in the United States. And between it not being available in the United States and there's a crypto learning curve, it's not as intuitive as just, you know, putting in your debit card, depositing money. And then the kalshi cons is there's more personal information that they require from you. Again, with that K Y C. A lot of times, your driver's license, your passport, your Social Security number. And then again, probably the biggest one is that there are significantly higher trading fees across all markets. Again, this is something that could change in the future, but this probably won't change. Just keep up to date on how the fees are looking between both platforms. This is kind of the big overview between the two platforms. I hope this video is helpful to you guys. If you have any questions, drop them down in the comments below. All I do on this page is post free educational videos that are going to help you become better on prediction market platforms. So that sounds valuable to you. Make sure to subscribe! I also go live almost every single day at 10 a. M. Going over what positions I'm taking for the day or if there's any sort of insider information that was leaked. you definitely want to subscribe so you can get on those live streams. Alright, sounds good boys. I'll see you in the next video.