Okay, this is incredibly bad. So it's 4:10 in the morning, Eastern Standard Time. Trump posted this on True Social a few hours ago. He said, Israel, out of anger for what is taking place in the Middle East, has violently lashed out against a major facility known as South Pars gas field in Iran. That gas field is connected to Qatar's LNG gas field, which is a natural gas facility. He in this is essentially saying that the US did not know about this, which, I don't know, that's kind of irrelevant at this point. He goes on to threaten Iran, basically saying, if you bomb something again, we're gonna bomb your entire gas field. Qatar's LNG gas field is one of the most important gas export hubs in the world. Oil prices jumped, skyrocketed at at this, and it could take Qatar months to fix whatever thing was damaged. For some perspective, this, Qatar's energy, this natural gas facility handles 20% of global natural gas supply globally. So Europe and Asia are gonna immediately feel this hit if it is as big as it seems, inflation is going to skyrocket. If Qatar can't immediately fix this, which the odds are that they cannot. And this means that this conflict has, like, hit a new level that we have not seen yet in this war in Iran. Trump threatened Iran and said that if you bomb something else, we're gonna destroy your gas field, which in return, Iran will likely Destroy Qatar's gas field. This will send gas prices globally up. It will skyrocket inflation just in general. Trump is also essentially in that thing that he put on true social. He's denying accountability. He's saying that the US had no idea this was happening, which in and of itself is dangerous because if this is a war that's allegedly being fought with Israel and the United States, the fact that the US was not informed of this, he's sending mixed signals. So our allies globally are not going to know what the truth is. And frankly, I don't think he knows what the truth is. This is very bad. And I think that this is. This situation is probably the closest we've come so far to an all out like catastrophe.