So Manny's reporting that the missile hit the ground, wasn't intercepted, it made contact. It meant that people who bet no were about to lose big. And so they apparently decided that that was his problem to fix. And so with all this, you had Manny posting on Twitter. My message to you gamblers is simple. Fuck off, stop harassing me, and find a better hobby than falsifying journalistic reports for financial gain. But that it. It really didn't stop anything. A colleague from another publication reached out. A friend of his was asking him to convince Manny to change the article, called it a negligible update with a more favorable outlook. And when the colleague confronted that friend, the friend confirmed that it was about Polymarket bet. He even offered the colleague a cut of the winnings. So he got Manny to change the report. And then it goes from ridiculous to terrifying. Right after Manny still refused, someone reached out on WhatsApp, verse in Hebrew, then switching to English, saying, you, you have no idea how much you put yourself at risk, saying today is the most significant day of your career. You have two choices. Either believe that we have the capabilities, and after you make us lose $900,000, we will invest no less than that to finish you. Or end this with money in your pocket and also earn back the life that you had until now. When many didn't respond, the person started listing details. About his home, his neighborhood, his parents, and his siblings, it took them less than five minutes to find out exactly where you live, how often you see your lovely parents, and exactly who your brothers and sisters are. And there was a countdown, right? There would be a fatal mistake if he didn't respond in 10 minutes. And then when he still didn't respond, they said, you have 90 minutes left to update the live. If you decide not to correct it, you will discover enemies who will be willing to pay anything to make your life miserable, saying, as far as I know, there are also some people who don't really care about the law, and you're about to make them lose about 50 times what you'll ever make. 86 minutes left. You are the only one responsible for your life. Many actually told the Washington Post that he almost gave in, saying, I thought, do I just change it because it doesn't really matter. But then I thought, if I do this now, they're gonna come back to me again and ask for other things to be changed. They would have probably never stopped doing that if they knew that they could make money this way. And so instead, he filed a police report, and he published the whole story, every message, every threat, hoping that the publicity would deter betters from targeting other journalists in the future. But even he admits that that's a