This is exactly what I've done to make over $60,000 in the past month on polymarket. Gonna give you literally everything right here in this video. So as long as you don't just save this video and think that you're somehow gonna come back to it later, you're literally gonna have 95% of what you need to start cooking on prediction markets. I'm just a normal guy. I'm not that smart. And like a lot of normal, not very smart guys, I used to spend a lot of time on Instagram reels, getting pissed off at the secret people who control our society. All these people who were going to islands, all these people that were in Trump's inner circle and had an unfair advantage of making money in this world, made a lot of excuses. And I thought the entire system was rigged against me, and the system is still rigged against us. But I just found out a way to make money using the exact same insider information that all of these politicians and secret members of our society are using. So many people that were close to Trump have been known to be in his circles, were exposed for making hundreds of thousands of dollars when he went and abducted Maduro. So what I did is I tracked those exact same people's wallets on polymarket. So this way, when he went and dropped that big over that one country in the Middle East, I was able to know 70 minutes before the entire rest of the world. Locked in three separate positions for over $100,000 total and profited over $76,000. How do I feel about this? Morally, I'm not really sure. And also, don't just take my word on that. You should never just blindly listen to someone who claims they made money on social media. My wallet has been leaked all over Twitter. I've been confirmed to be the owner of the wallet. I've been interviewed by the News. Go do your own research. The rest of the month of March, I've actually lost a bit of money. That's why my total was only at 60,000. But over the past 14 months, I've made over $600,000 tracking these insider traders on Poly Market. And I think for the everyday person, it's one of the easiest ways to make money online right now. So all I'm doing on this page is posting free videos, sharing strategies, leaking insider information to help you become better on these prediction market platforms. So that sounds valuable to you? You should hit my page with a follow.