And last, but certainly not least, let's talk about the Senate election. Starting with who I'm not clearing under any circumstances. Roger Chris Demorty. Do not vote for that nigga. Why? He has the most money raised out of any candidate that are coming from all the corporations that you hate. And including ICE and a pack and all type of shit. Which leaves us with two other options. Juliana Stratton or Robin Kelly. Stratton has come out in favor of abolishing ICE, a congressional stock trading ban, not taking corporate pack money, and Medicare for all. However, she does have a former APEX president on her team and refuses to outright say the words genocide or condemn Israel for committing genocide. While not getting the support of APEX or anything, she has reportedly received a bunch of donations from donors to APEX, which probably has something to do with why she won't say the word genocide. Kelly has come out in favor of a wealth tax of people over $100 million. Uh, the block the Bombs Act, which would block offensive weapon sales to Israel, has come out in favor of Medicare for all, and has uttered the phrase genocide. Despite her taking money from APEX and Jay Street in the past, he is not called for a congressional stock trading ban or a ban on corporate packs in general. But she also has received a lot of support and endorsements from some of the most progressive members of the U. S. Congress, while Stratton has gotten support from JB Pritzker, Elizabeth Warren, and a whole host of other members of Illinois government and the Congress as well. If polls are to be believed, Stratton has probably the best chance of defeating Christian Morty. Whoever wins this election will likely go on to become Illinois's next senator. Which means it probably is going to be a black woman. Which is great, but in my opinion, the real value in a Senate election is to get as many people as possible who will break with the current Senate Democratic strategy. That strategy has been appeasement for Israel, appeasement for the fascist in the government, and nothing else. Sit down and be happy. Now, if I'm being real, none of the candidates here are where I need them to be. But Juliana Stratton has come out and said that she will not be supporting Chuck Schumer in leadership. It seems as though, for better or for worse, she has positioned herself as having to embrace the most progressive policy platforms. Now I will reward her by clearing her for this primary. But if the answer on Israel Palestine does not evolve from here to November on god that shit a waste of time. You'll probably still win. We live in Illinois, but that's a waste of time. Again, when it comes to other statewide slash local races, these are my suggestions. I agree with these by and large, so take those with You, if you value that, and remember that on March 17th, these people spend millions of dollars and advertising and all this shit, because you are who they want. You are the real currency. Your vote is the actual thing that they need to perpetuate their own power. So be educated with how you choose to apply your own power to these situations.