This Bill is about cracking down on one of the most dangerous new venues for government corruption, and that's in prediction markets. On the day before the Iran war, 150 accounts placed highly unusual bets on Polymarket that the war would start the next day. 109 of those accounts made over $10,000 betting on the war, 16 made over $100,000. And one person made nearly half a million dollars, half a million dollars from betting on the start of a war that has cost billions of taxpayer dollars, over a dozen lives of US service members and countless more civilians. While working class kids were getting sent to fight and die in the Middle East, others were cashing in and they either got very lucky or they were privy to very secret inside information. I expect most Americans don't need a list of the reasons why this is wrong and dangerous, but let me give you just a few. We shouldn't live in a country where someone sitting in the situation room making decisions about whether to invade or to bomb, decisions about war and peace, life and death, that those decisions could be driven by the fact that they have hundreds of thousands of dollars riding on the decision. We shouldn't live in a country where government officials or well connected people can make money off of secret information that is supposed to be used in the public interest. And we shouldn't live in a country where a foreign power Can guess what Donald Trump is going to do next by going to a betting market. While we don't know the names of the people who with insider information correctly bet on the Iran war, we do know that like with basically every other corruption story in Washington, d. C, that the Trump family is getting a cut. Donald Trump junior is an investor in Polymarket, a paid advisor to Kalshi, and he's starting to work on truth predict, the Trump's very own corruption machine in prediction markets. Needless to say, I don't think this administration is going to be cracking down on this form of corruption anytime soon since they're cashing in on it.