Before catching his  Ucla Bruins play at Pauley Pavilion, freshman Samuel Jiang  always checks the   game’s odds on Kalshi. But there's just one minor problem. Sports gambling is illegal here in California, but you are effectively  able to do the same   thing on Kalshi. It's amazing to me how Kalshi is legal in, basically everywhere. State law prevents Californians from betting on sports, but they can now trade on them. Prediction markets give users the ability to make money by, well, predicting anything, from Oscar winners to election outcomes to Taylor Swift's bridesmaids. And when it comes to March Madness, anyone can put money down from the comfort of home— So obviously, I'm going to bet on UCLA. Or a fraternity house. How much? I'll do $25. so I'll get $49 if I'm right. I dropped by to watch the game with sophomore Oliver Seifert at the Lambda Chi Alpha House at UCLA. And yes, it looked and smelled like a frat house. How many of the other guys here are betting? Say tonight, it might be, like, 10-20%, but, like, on the Super Bowl, I bet 80%. PolyMarket did not respond to our request for comment. Kalshi said it's not a gambling product, but an exchange overseen  by strict Wall Street   regulation. And thus, sports “trading” has even spread to Utah, where there's a gambling ban written into the state constitution. We like what we have in Utah A lot better than what we see in Nevada, With regards to some of the social impacts And the societal impacts of gambling. Brady Brammer is a Utah state senator. He's backing a Bill to block what he calls an attempt to circumvent the Utah Constitution. Our Constitution is quite clear. We are not authorized by a body to support any form of gambling. Setting the stage for a legal battle pitting states against the White House. Blocking things in certain states is the wrong way to handle this. Mike Selig runs the federal agency overseeing prediction markets. He says they're here to stay nationwide. And for those who object, Selig recently issued a stern message. Let me be clear. We will see you in court. But for March at least, all eyes will be on the basketball court.