Israel, there are rabbis going around saying that this war in the Middle East, even though it's destroying TEL Aviv, um, it's good for us because this will lead to the, to the coming of our Messiah Iran in five years. So Iran is being devastated right now. Um, so the Israelis and Americans are attacking, um, critical infrastructure. So this really, uh, attacked the largest gas field in, um, Iran did that, did this foundation plant, uh, was, uh, destroyed. But we also have to remember what is being hidden from us and what's being hidden from us is the fact that this release in Americans are trying to destroy the capacity of the state to govern the nation, basically destroy the state monopoly on violence. And so what, what we're hearing are attacks on police officers, on military installations and there's talk of special forces going into, um, Iran and starting to fund, fund dissoning groups, right, like the Kurds and the, um, blockies in south east, um, Iran. So no matter what happens, um, in this war, it's very, very hard for the government to maintain national, um, control, um, even if they were to survive this war. And also another huge issue for Iran is that for the past few years it suffered drought issues. Um, so as agriculture was heavily impacted, they were actually talking about moving, um, terrain, uh, um, like moving these millions of people out of the city of terrain because the capital Can no longer sustain this large population so um, this war will only exaggerate these imranial issues um especially with the attacks on critical system infrastructure for example dams, reservoirs um, these are these are these are mission plans and this will take years and years for Iran to recover from this war um, as a nation and you you have um basically the storing of ethnic settlements um, you have the destruction of a safe capacity to do the basic services but the good news for Iran is that it seems as though they will be able to maintain control of the ship HMUS and that is critical because now they're able to charge a toll on anyone who uses a strip of homeless and talk about 10% which is generated about about $800 billion a year annually for Iran so the nation will be destroyed um, in this war but, um, it but if it's able to harness the pride of the Persian people and is able to unify the Persian people and it's able to leverage the resource of the strip of most effectively then we can expect Iran to rise again in the 10, 20 years time. Where is Israel in a few years from now? So if you look at the main beneficiary of this war it is Israel because Israel has an ambition called the Greater Israel Project which is what they believe that their God Yahweh promised to their um ancestry Abraham um, and So they believe that Yahweh promised uh, Abraham all the land from the Nile in Egypt to Euphrates in um, Iraq. If you look at the entire map, it also extends to Anatolia, which is southern Turkey and even into Saudi Arabia. So if you look at what's happening, well, it's convenient in that the Jesus is being destroyed. Saudi Arabia will probably drawn into this war. It is possible Turkey will be drawn into this war as, as well. And this war allows Israel to remake the Middle East in its own image. Also, if you think about it, according to game theory, the main constraint to Israel achieving the Greater Israel project is actually not Iran, but America because America guarantees the military safety and Protection of the GCC, uh, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, brand, uh, UAE, these nations. And so if issue is, is become dominant, uh, it's become the hedgemont of the Middle East. It needs to figure out how to remove America from the equation. And quite honestly, uh, this war has shown the limitations of American power. It's, it's really, um, annoyed American people. American people do not want this war. American people haven't, don't even understand why America is in the Middle East. And so it's very possible that regardless of what happens in this war, America is forced withdrawal from the Middle East, which case Israel is able to achieve its Greater Israel project. It, it was clear to me that that was part of the motive. Um, that Israel understood this and rope the United States into this war in order to get the United States out, in order to hurt the United States and get the United States out of the Middle East. Do you think that will be successful? Um, I think the way this war is going, this plan will work. And the reason why is the real, the military has not fought a real war for decades. 2003, this war in Iraq was not a real war because some Hussein basically gave up. He didn't have air defense because those economic sanctions had destroyed his economy. And his logic was this, let Americans invade. They can't possibly invade because if they destroy us, that would make Iran, uh, which has hostilities against America, the regional power. So why would America do this? It is self defeating. It is not logical. It is not rational. So I'm not worried about them, um, um, attacking me. And he was surprised when they did attack because it was not logic, it was not rational. Um, but they did, they did attack. It was, it was a kickwalk. It took about two weeks. Um, America chief, um, air supremacy very quickly and they wanted a Baghdad in a very, very quickly in top of the regime. So that was a very quick and easy war that fit American. No talk, no talking all. Um, Iran is simply be different and the American military does not wanna fight this war because they've Wargame this countless, countless times and each war game they discover that they feel they lose because the American military it's it's too bulky. It's not as nimble and resilient as the Iranian military. And we're seeing that play out right now where you have these devastating um, carriers, Abram Lincoln, the Gerald Ford threatening uh, Iran but not actually doing anything because they're afraid of getting too close to the coast. Everyone isn't they, they become susceptible to drone strikes as well as hypersonics. So the radians have been preparing this for 20+ years. They know the entire American playbook and they have the perfect strategy to counter uh, the American people. So America have a really tough time win this war. The great problem. Okay. The big question now is will America send in ground troops? Because once America sends in ground troops, then it becomes quite committed. It's it's mission creep, some host policy. It'll be like Vietnam over. So right now there's talk of 25 Marines, uh, who've um, um coming in from Okinawa, the the the the Bee in the Middle East about seven days time. Um, and the talk is the rumour is and I don't know, but the rumour is the intention is for, for them to Park Island, which is the main well deep hold for Iran. So Iran uh exports 9% of its oil from that facility of the island and if the marines were to take it, it'll be great optics. You know, Trump would look good on TV. It'll be a great boost for the up American morale. The problem is that you can take it, but you can't hold it because it's too close to reading codes and the winners can attack of artillery with drones, okay, which means that you now have to take on the coast, you have to occupy the coast in front of four operating base, but then you're exposed to the Zakos Mountains, right, which means that you're now forced to occupy the mountains as well. So it's mission creep. It's exactly like Vietnam where 90, 65, um, 3,000 Marines went into that nan to, to, um, occupy an air base and like 4, 5 years later, you have, you have a half a million troops, right? So start off as a very limited, um, self defined mission, but then it just balloons. Um, so America could find itself in the situation very quickly. If you were the commander in chief of the United States, what would you do at this point? As of today, commander chief meaning Donald Trump. Yeah. You get to make the decision or what? What does America do next? If it's acting in its own interest, if it's trying to preserve its power and wealth at this point, what does it do? Well, first of all, I would acknowledge that all these events are interconnected, right? So, the struggle of China, this war in Ukraine, this war in the Middle East. It's all interconnected because American empire is, um, too overstretched and it has its fingers on everything. And so it allows its enemies to provoke it into these, um, never ending wars. So what I would do is basically sit down everyone, okay, including Russia, China, Iran, and say it's time for a new world order where we are partners in this landship, right? Before America was the hegeman, before the US father was the world reserve currency. Uh, but now what we wanna do is open a dialogue where everyone is respected, where, um, America is no longer the bully, but a willing partner in creating a new economic order that benefits everyone and not just, and not just a few. I, I think that's the, the wisest possible advice in probably the only path that preserves civilization. Um, and, but they're, the one country standing in the way of that is Israel, which is the only beneficiary of this war, as you just said. I think that's true. Can you think of another beneficiary other than Israel of this war? Well, Russia benefits, right? Because Russia is gonna win this war in Ukraine. That's correct. And, um, and America is forced to live, uh, war sanctions. And so now Russia is now able to take all these war profits, right, and then help Iranians, finance the Iranians in the struggle against the Americans and Israelis. So, the Russians also benefit tremendously from this war. Yeah, but fair point. Israel has to be constrained by the United States in order to do what you just recommended it do. Is that possible? Does the American president have the authority to control its client state? Um, so if you look at the domestic situation in Israel, um, Israel no longer behaves rationally. It is sort of overtaken by esoological fever, right? So if you look at, uh, videos coming out of Israel, there are rabbis going around saying that this war in the Middle East, even though it's destroying TEL Aviv, um, it's good for us because this will lead to the, to the coming of our Messiah. Um, so they believe that it is when Israel is under the most strain, when Israel, when the very existence of Israel is threatened, then god will intervene because the Jewish people will come together as a nation again and commit themselves, renew their faith in god. And once god sees the, um, blind, trusting after the faith of the Jewish people, then he will save his people by sending his Messiah who will then redeem the, um, uh, Jewish people. So now we're saying this is secular. Temple matters don't really matter. This one in the Middle East, not an issue. What matters is divinity. What matters is our relationship with god. Yes. So what matters is faith. Nuclear bombs go flying doesn't really matter. I, I don't think we can ever overestimate the influence of ethnology in American politics. So I'll give an example. Where about a quarter of Americans or Avenger, Avenger Killer cause and, and a lot of them are Christian Zionists. Um, so they believe that Israel is crucial, the Lynch pin to achieving God's plan of, and the return of, of Jesus. And so a very prominent figure that you probably know very well is John Haji who runs and called the Christians Unit for Israel, 7 million, um, um, members. And these are the people who are financing a lot of the conflict in, uh, the Middle East, um, in Israel because they're the ones who are funding West Bank settlements. And so quicken Zionism, it is an extremely powerful global force in, um, in America. So, um, your question is how did this happen? Um, and yes, the issue, the issue is that this is a plan, um, that has been in motion for centuries and it's very complicated, um, um, uh, history, but it involves, um, a different religious groups among the Jews suffering, Francis Shabat, Lubavitch, which you've talked about that also involves the Freemasons, the Night's Templars, the Rosecrutions, it involves the Jesuits. She have these different, um, different secret societies, different religious organizations working together for the centuries to achieve this plan for the end of the world, which heralds the Methodic Age. Okay. And their different components of this plan. But, but the basic components are one is the, um, creation of the state, the nation state of Israel, which happened in 1948, 48 and then You, you need to have, um, the building of the Third Temple, which requires the destruction of the Isaac Mosque, which is actually, um, which could happen during this war, um, given what we've seen so far. So the Israelis have closed off the Isaac Mosque, um, as well as other religious, uh, sites like the church of, of holy, uh, Separkur, um, two tourists these past few days. Um, there's rumors that for the past two years, uh, they actually have been conducting these archaeological digs under the Arctic moss to, uh, basically, uh, destroy the foundations of the moss so, so that they, they can conduct a control demolition of the moss and blame it on a missile strike from the Iranians. And there's actually talk, um, among Israelis of using this plan to ignite a war between Arabs and, uh, the, the, the Persian. So the, I, I, I think Moscow need to destroy for the 3rd temple. They also talk about this war of GOG and muggog, uh, between Israel and the entire world. Um, then the coming of the Jewish Messiah, um, the equation of the Greater Israel Project, the return of all Jews from diaspora. Um, so, so they're different components to this plan. If you just observe typical events, we're seeing these events converge together to today mean all these events are playing out. So it seems as though there are these very powerful shadow forces working behind the scenes. We don't know. Who they are, but it seems that as though they're able to control your heart in a certain manner as to fulfill, um, their esotato esotalo script. What, what role do you think Donald Trump plays in this? The first possibility is that he's been employed as an actor and he's just following a script. He doesn't really know where this movie is going. He's just doing his part, but he's been, he's manipulated behind the scenes by people around him. And, you know, um, when we first asked him like why is this weren't even happening? He did say that his advisors, which includes Siva Koff, Jared Kushner, Peter Hexiff, Marco Rubio told him that the Uranians were so close to getting a nuclear weapon and that they were attacked first. And so I was basically, um, misled. And I think, I think that's probably true in that, uh, Trump surrounds himself with certain people that have a certain political ecological agenda. Um, so that's one possibility that he's just, he's just an actor. Another possibility is that he himself has a mezzanic calling. Okay. And what I mean by that is if you go back to twenty, uh, during 2021, he was politically dead, right? Because during 6, um, riots happen. Uh, he, he was impeached twice and then after he left office, there was law fair conducted against him and he went bankrupt. Um, and so, so it was, it was that so the entire world went Against him but now he's president of of the United States and so how, how would he personally understand this? I think a lot of it is god has asked him to serve. There's a call to serve and he has to fulfill a mission what this mission is okay, what this mission is, whether it's to save Israel, whether to save America, whether it's a part of a grander scheme, only he in his heart knows and I think no one except him knows okay? So I think that's another uh, possibility. The third possibility is that this is all Israel's doing that in Yahoo is the one who's forced him into um, this whole situation because Israelis attacked first and Marco Rubo set this where, you know what we, we, we wanted these negotiations but Israelis were planning to attack if they attacked, Iranians would be compelled to attack both the Americans and Israelis and we did not want to put our soldiers in harm's way so we attacked with the Israelis okay? So it's possible this all nayahu and all us machin nations. Um, another fourth possibility is they have they they have corrupted him like there's blackmail on him there's um, and and he has up to no choice but to do what he says because um, he's compromised in a certain way and maybe his family is under threat so all 4 are possibilities and quite honestly, I've no idea which possibility is the most correct America is forced to retreat back into the western hemisphere it needs to worry about um, resources and so it is in the best interest of America to eventually uh, take over and colonize of Canada and Mexico yes, Mexico for its labor supply Canada for um, its resources you know, Canada's probably the wealthiest country in the world I know. Um, and so from a jublical perspective, if the world is retreating into self efficiency, if there's mercantalism, if there's trade barriers, then Mark has actually no choice but to ensure its own um, um, supply networks and that that means eventually taking over Green Man um, Canada, Mexico, uh, Latin America, Cuba and Venezuela um, so America doesn't really have much choice in this matter. The same time, what we're seeing is that this war as well as other events are causing global fishers in America. Then you will have riding the streets, you have massive violence in which case the National Guard is deployed. There's a plan to deploy the National Guard to all major American cities by April and so unfortunately, America um, is probably gonna suffer a long many years of sectarian violence um, not a full flexible war, but um, maybe something along the lines of um, the troubles in Ireland um, you know, I'm I'm not sure if you've seen this terrible movie call one battle after another. Uh, it's just a terrible movie by the way but um, you know, it it Gives you insight into what a civil war might look like where you have these incision groups fighting against the, the, the state um, so yeah, Canada was never within Asian state it's more of a glorified resource, oh, sorry, glorified resource colony yes, for the British, the city of London and um, the reality is now that the British, um, are under lost strain, um, the city of London is under lost financial pressure it sees place like Australia, New Zealand and Canada and what do you do? Um, if you have financial issues, will you corporate, you, you do corporate restructuring, right? You change the middle management, right? And um, historically, um, you know, the British got, got along very well with the Indian elite, right? They went into India and stole trillions of dollars from, uh, the Indians and the elite in any elite, we're probably happy to help them, right? So why not use the same model for Australia, for Canada? So there are millions of Indians who immigrated to Canada the past five years and it's been a lot of strain on the Canadian economy because housing prices are, you know, um, have exploded and so ordinary Canadians can no longer afford to buy a house and uh, it put so much uh, pressure on the Canadian welfare, welfare system on the Canadian economy and you would think that the proper strategy would have a moratorium where they're like, you know what we've had too Many immigrants. And we need to close the borders and absorb these immigrants because we wanna ensure that these immigrants have proper housing, they have decent jobs. Right. You think that that that be the right shot? Yes. Instead, Mark, Mark Carney goes India and says we want more Indians and also we'll give you scholarships to come to Canada to study for free. Meanwhile, there are a lot of Canadians who are homeless, uh, who are unemployed and you cannot put food on the table. But hey, we want more Indians. So if it's not corporate restructuring, if it's not trying to access to Canada, I really don't understand this strategy for this.