Your favorite substackers might be getting paid to actually randomly insert links and mentions to prediction markets like Kalshi and polymarket. Part of a broader effort for prediction markets to flood the zone with content and ads and partnerships and get people used to the idea that you should be able to bet on anything that happens in the future. I wrote about a case today in a story I published at the verge about an independent journalist who got one of these offers and said no. Rick Ellis is a longtime entertainment and streaming reporter, and he told me in an interview that he was approached by one of the major prediction markets about striking a deal with them. The deal would be that he would publish a couple pieces a week where he cited data from one of these exchanges. So for him, it might be like, there's an X percent chance that this person will win survivor, or here are the chances that these couples on Love Is Blind will end up together at the end. He said he was being offered mid to high hundreds of dollars per post, which obviously would be a significant windfall, especially added up over the course of many months or a year. He told me he turned them down because he just could not live with himself if he did take an offer like this. I, as a reporter, get tons of email pitches. I get PR people dming me The whole goal is to try to get their company mentioned in my reporting. Sometimes those pitches end up in my story. If I find it interesting, if I find, uh, the reporting or the content or the data trustworthy, I might mention it or my. I might write about it. But this idea that polymarket or kalshi could pay a journalist explicitly to use their data and mention them in the piece would violate a lot of different ethical guidelines. In fact, if I did that at my job, I would 100% be fired immediately, and I think it would be really hard to find another job. Rick, the entertainment journalist who spoke with me, told me that it crossed lines that he just was not willing to go to. As I was reporting this story, I noticed that there were a lot of newsletters and creators on Substack that were integrating polymarket data. And that's because there is a partnership between Substack and Polymarket that basically creates, like, a sponsorship program. I understand people have to get paid. People need to make money somehow. But I think it's a really important thing for us to think about why an outlet like Polymarket would want to underwrite newsletters. Polymarket and Kalshi are both on a major PR blitz right now, trying to sort of corner the US market. There's been excellent reporting about how the two founders of the company hate each other, and they're always trying to distance Themselves from their competitor. If you watch award shows this season, you probably saw polymarket probabilities plastered all over. And some news outlets have even entered into partnerships with one of the exchanges. The goal is to get the American consumer and audience comfortable with this data. And with these companies being cited all the time as any sort of arbiter of truth, what better way to do that than basically buying placement in your favourite newsletter?