So it's day 80 of the Purple Salmon Project and my A I. Is currently up 194.23% on kalshi. That's almost 200% in 80 days. And the craziest part about this to me is I'm not even trying to maximise my profit with any of these positions. I don't ever take momentum plays. I never cash out a box early unless my A I. Advises me to, and I'm pretty strict on those parameters. My A A's job is just to get my portfolio to compound around 1.38% every single day. And right now we're even below that. I think we're at 1.29%. So these are really conservative, controlled positions that I'm taking. But yesterday my A A. Advised a bunch of momentum positions because there was such an extreme heat wave going on in the south. So we got the high right in Phoenix for a 42.92% return. We got the high in Las Vegas right for a 45.56% return. Both those were cashed out early and if I would have held all the way through, I would have made even more. So again, I'm like, sabotaging profitability just to honour this experiment. But that's the entire point of this. We got the high ride in Atlanta for a 40.85% return, and we got the low in Philadelphia right for a 7.53% return. Our weather success rate is around 88.32%, which also is a number that doesn't really feel real considering I'm taking three to five positions everyday and it's Basically saying that almost nine out of 10 positions that I take are gonna be right. At least as long as I stick to the A I's advice and I remain pretty disciplined. And that's why this is not financial advice. I'm just a guy using A. I. To take positions on prediction markets. I'm not trying to pretend to be some expert or anything that I'm not, but all the numbers in the positions are real. I share it with my subscribers every single day, so if you wanna learn more about how I'm doing this, check out The Purple Salmon Project. You can also leave me a comment, send me a DM, I'll respond right away. I'm also posting everyday so if you wanna keep learning more just follow along here. See you tomorrow!