To be fair, that was certainly was true for about 12 hours, but they're back down to pre war levels. Is about $80 a barrel. Trump's decision to wage war with Iran is a mistake that will destabilize both the United States and the world. There's not enough information right now to know the long term effects of this. Now, I'll just say I don't agree necessarily that he should have gone in, but maybe the intelligence agencies have more information than we do right now. There's just not enough information to say this is gonna destabilize the world or the United States. Maybe that'll change in three months. Maybe more information will show that, yeah, it is gonna destabilize more than we thought, but right now I'm like, no, I don't really see that happening. I think the destabilizations already happening in terms of oil prices. Like, in a bunch of different countries, oil prices are surging, and even in the US right now, oil prices have been going up, like, directly connected to the rising price of crude oil to. To be fair, that was certainly was true for about 12 hours, but they're back down to pre war levels. Is about $80 a barrel. Which which is fairly normal. Um, in fact, President Trump, whether this was deliberate or strategic, um, we now have Venezuelan exports. We now have oil exports from Venezuela. Um, so the United States is actually doing really well in terms of destabilizing the region. I Think the opposite has actually happened. You now have a coalition of allied countries who otherwise would never be on the same page. Age. The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Cutter, Israel, the United States. By rain, Oman. Saying that Iran has indiscriminately attacked our air bases, our sovereignty, and we want to defend our national sovereignty. You know, Iran has attacked more Muslim countries in the last two weeks than Israel has attacked in its 75 years of existence. So if anything, we've actually seen most of the world come together. And I would be shocked if this is. I think you mentioned three months. I'd be shocked if this was going on longer than a month.