Pay attention and listen, because the prime minister of Israel has just been pressed by a journalist. Look, you assassinated Iran's supreme leader and dozens of other senior Iranian officials. The result of that so far has been the appointment of a new supreme leader considered to be even more hardline than his father. Uh, the Iranian regime is not showing any signs of collapse as of now. So I, I wonder, what do you say to those who say that killing those individuals, uh, is in fact empowering the hardliners in Iran? And are you confident that your strategy will still lead to regime change? I'm not sure who's running Iran right now. Watch the bomb. The replacement Ayatollah has not shown his face. Have you seen them? We haven't, and we can't vouch exactly what is happening there. There is um, um. There is a cloud here. It's not clear. What we see is that there is a lot of tensions inside the um, the people who are edging for the top. I think the authority and the hold that er. How many has had is not going to be translated to anyone. Not to much to buy. If he's there, not to anyone else. Yes, yes, we're seeing cracks. We're seeing cracks, uh, and we're trying to propagate them as fast as we can. Not only the top command, we're seeing cracks in the field. Uh, you know, it's so sort of like a hollowed out, rotten Uh, piece of wood that's holding on the outside, but there's a lot of rot inside. We're seeing, uh, uh, some defections. We're seeing fear and trepidation in the R G C. Units that are Manning the, uh, uh, the ballistic missiles. You know why? Cause they're afraid to die. They're not. They're not all suicidal. We're gonna hit them again and again. You've also indicated today that you made a commitment to President Trump not to strike these, uh, uh, oil and gas facilities in the future. Should President Trump come to you one day and say, oil prices are too high, it's time to end this war, will you listen to him? And do you need the United States in order to continue this campaign alone? I don't think any two leaders have been as coordinated as President Trump and I. He's the leader. I'm, you know, his ally. America is the leader. But ultimately, President Trump makes his own decisions. And do I respect them? Yes, I do. The question is whether you would or could continue the war without the United States. Could you? Without the United States. Without the refueling capabilities, for example, we're gonna close. Thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. You exhausted your questions.