So Chamath is a billionaire, he's one of the early employees of Facebook, and he's one of the biggest investors in Silicon Valley. And he just posted this article on X about prediction markets, saying that prediction markets have caught his eye for a few reasons. One of them being that volumes have hundred X in the last two years. You can see the chart is going directly up. 24 months ago, prediction markets were only doing 50 million in weekly volume, and now they're doing over 6 billion every week. Another thing he mentions is that these markets are getting more regulatory clarity. This means that there's gonna be more capital coming into these markets, liquidity is going to improve, and institutional traders are going to become participants as well. So what's gonna happen is hedge funds are gonna come into the market and start running algorithmic strategies, and it's going to be more difficult for retail traders to compete. For retail to compete, they need to be programmatically interacting with these markets just like the hedge funds do. And so that's why I built a tool that lets anyone create a strategy and deploy a bot that runs it for him. So right now, it works for these crypto interval prediction markets. And basically, it's a Chrome extension that puts this button in the corner whenever you're in Kalshi, and you just have to set a few parameters, and then it'll run for you. So you pick which side of The trade you want to take, how many contracts you want to buy, when in the interval you want to place your trade, at what price range you want to make your trade. And then it take profit and stop loss. And then you can put auto retrade on. So when one position closes, another opens. And then you can just deploy the strategy and it trades for you. So what I've done is I've also set up a website called Reflex bot dot Io, and you can download the Chrome extension here, and there's a setup guide that helps you get going. Uh, and then I have a telegram as well where people are discussing strategies and giving feedback on the bot. So, yeah, let me know how it goes.