I'm gonna look and see what spirit has to say about, um, you know, the next presidential election. Because, yes, I received lots of, um, messages, um, concerning JD Vance, Marco Rubio, Gavin Newsom and, uh, Kamala Harris. So we're gonna just do a quick little dive in here and see what's cooking, see what's going on behind the scenes. All right, so the most. I've only gotten one message in the last. I think it was like only one in the last couple of weeks about Kamala, like, hinting to running again. So we're going to look and see how that is gonna go. So, um, I don't know how to word this. We're gonna figure this out. We're gonna run with it. Okay, so for the 2028 presidential election. Oh, actually, I should start with this. I keep seeing, and I know what the referencing, so I don't need schooled on it, but I keep seeing people saying there's Trump is our last president. Okay, let me tell you, I love a good conspiracy theory. I have been down every single rabbit hole. I've seen the most ugly, disgusting things that you could see. Um, I've seen some of the craziest things that you could see and read and all of that, so. But I. So I know what they're talking about. So, first question, is Trump going to be the last president? That's the first question. Alright, so now that I got that, I'm gonna shuffle a Little bit more, um, real quick while I shuffle. I'll never reach out to you guys. Those are spammers. And scammers. Um, I do private readings six days a week. Anybody wanting a private reading, you go to mysticalbadass com or you DM me. Um, but yeah, I will never reach out to you. Those are scammers. Okay, so will there be another president after Donald Trump? Legally, officially, will there be another president after Donald Trump? Yes or no? Please yes. Look, we're running into the next one. I know it's only 2026, but, you know, we're running into the next one. This is a yes, there will be another president. Okay, alright. That. I'm not trying to make anybody mad, but. Hey, let's just see what you know. Spirit. What's the all knowing spirits have to say? Okay, alright, so, um, show me JD Vance and Marco Rubio, if they're on a ticket together. Will they be on a ticket together? Show me how this plays out. If Marco Rubio. If JD. Excuse me? If JD Vance runs as president, Marco Rubio as vice president. Show me how this plays out. This makes sense to me because, um, Trump would be endorsing. Um. Hold on. This is new. So we have a new beginning. Um, and I. I like the hands. I was drawn to the hands there. So it's almost like this is being handed to you. Like, go take it. They will walk the course. So This would be JD. This would be Marco Rubio. And they will walk together. Okay, one more. Damn, I love this. The 10 of Pentacles. It's like what we've been working for. Okay, I know a lot of you don't like JD Vance and don't trust him. However, I've done readings on him multiple times. I show the cards, nothing negative has ever come out. So, um. And I trust spirit over any fucking human any day. So that's just, um. But let me know what you think about that, okay? I'd love to know in the comments what you guys think about a JD Vance Marco Rubio ticket. Now we're gonna look at the other side. Um, I want to look at Gavin Newsom. You know, he's got lots of stuff coming out there in California. I'm going to be careful with how I word things since, um, you know, I get in trouble and I get a strike here and there and things get taken down, so. Alright, so let's see. Show me Gavin Newsom and how he feels about running for the 2028 presidential election. Oh, he's ready. He thinks he's like, unstoppable. He's lit. It's lit. He's lit. He's fired up. He's ready to go. He's gearing up. Look at that horse there. See how he's gearing up? Ready to go. This is Jay. Oh, no, this is Gavin Newsom. He's getting ready to jump in there. Okay, interesting. What the fuck? Okay, um. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Kamala. Is Kamala Harris going to throw her hat in? Is Kamala Harris going to run for the 2028 presidential election? As of now, is she going to. Is she planning on running? Is she gonna throw her hat in to run for the 2028 presidential election? Yes or no, please. Yep. There's a real good chance here. Real good chance. I do believe she's being enticed. What the flunk? Okay, so, yes, this is. This is a yes. Um, but look at. I wanna. I wanna show you guys something because it just jumped out at me. I don't think it's gonna go anywhere. And I'm going to say this because this is Gavin Newsom's horse. These are both knights. I'm not finding it a coincidence that knights came out for the both of them. This is the Knight of wands. This is the Knight of cups. Okay. She's running on emotion because she, um, lost. Just in case anyone knows. Um, he's running on, like, fire. He's pissed, and he's like, control. He wants control, control, control. Big difference between these two. Okay, but see how her. Her horse is, like, meh, not really moving. His is moving. If she throws her ring in there or her hat in the ring, it's not. I don't think it's going too far. Okay. All right. Um. I know this is really early, but why not? Let's just look. Will the Republican win the 2020? That was me. Will the Republican win the 2028 presidential election. Will the Republicans win the 2028 presidential election? Yes or no, please? Okay, so this is a yes because it comes out of, like, turmoil. I think it's going to be a dog fight. Um, this is not a negative card. This is somebody who's coming out of a storm and coming to shore, okay? Um, with lessons Learned with, um, you know, um, lessons, information, things like that. And they're being guided, these birds. The six of swords is about being guided. Uh, divinely guided. Um, universe, god, angels, whatever you wanna call it, but also guided in the human form. So there's, like, a gentle push here to the boat and a pulling. So I like the six of swords. I do believe it's going to be an ugly, ugly freaking fight. Okay. All right, guys, um, please let me know in the comments what you guys want me to ask. Or, um, and I love your I. I wanna know your hot take on things, too. So let's get that debate going in the comments. Be kind in the comments, okay? We are allowed to have differences of opinions, okay? Doesn't need to be name calling. Doesn't mean need to be no bullshit, right? Okay. Please, like, share, comment. Um, you know, I'm a little shadow band, so that would help a sister out. And please remember, be kind, spread love, and drink your damn water. Until next time. Bye, y'all.