Something very interesting and potentially very big happened over the weekend that you might have missed, but I want to flag it for you. And it's this. The political markets. So basically places where you can gamble on political outcomes. The big ones are Polly Market and Kalshi. Both of them over the weekend, for the first time in this 2026 election cycle, showed the odds at even or slightly better than even for Democrats to retake the Senate majority. So Polly Market, I checked this morning, has Democrats at a 51% democratic chance after they've never been at 50 or above. Kauchi has it literally fifty fifty. But again, the trend is upward. More people betting on Democrats to win the Senate. So what does it mean and how much of trust should we put in it? And then is it borne out by the actual sort of races and numbers? Well, let's go through all of that before I do that quick pitch. I want you to subscribe, uh, independent, authentic, and here everyday breaking down the big news, uh, that you need to care about in politics. Alright, so let's go. Let's answer all these questions. First of all, these are not polls. I always like to, to emphasize that this is not a poll that says Democrats are now more likely to win the Senate than they were a week ago. These are gambling and prediction markets. So they are swayed by lots of different factors. But the biggest one is people who are really into this stuff, who gamble on politics. Uh, they see events happening out in this wider world and they put their money quite literally where their mouth is. So what explains the broad move on Kelshi and Polly Market toward Democrats in the Senate? I think it's the sense that the political environment continues to erode for Republicans. So Donald Trump is obviously not popular, uh, outside of the Republican base. He's at 41 42% approval overall. Uh, maybe, maybe lower. Um. Uh, the economy and affordability, Republicans are losing that argument. Um, they were losing it before the war in Iran started. They're losing it even worse now with gas prices having gone up 24 cents on average, uh, already in the last week and now up to 3 69, 3 79 on average according to triple A. So I think people, smart people looking at the political environment and who wanna gamble on the political environment are looking and saying, man, uh, if. If the bottom is falling out on Republicans, I wanna get in now while I can still make money off of it. So are they right? That's a whole other question and let's go through it because there's sort of perception and reality and yes, perception can influence reality, but not exclusively when we talk about Senate races. So the big numbers are this. In order to retake the Senate majority, Democrats need to net net Four seats. That mean Republicans currently control 53 seats in the Senate. If it was 50 50, so if Republican.