If there was one video that you needed to watch to understand prediction market platforms like Kelly and Poly Market, this would be it. If you don't have the attention span of a two year old, in two to three minutes, I'm gonna explain everything that you need to know about how these platforms work, how they compare to each other, how they're different than sports betting platforms or day trading. And the more you understand these platforms, the easier it is to find a strategy that actually works. So let's get right into it. Prediction market platforms like Kelly and Poloniex are a peer to peer exchange where you can essentially bet and buy positions on what's going to happen in different situations. So the same way that you can bet on the Lakers or the Celtics in a sporting game, you can bet on yes or no for Trump to say immigrant at his next speech. Now, for every share that you buy, it's going to pay you out $1. So if you buy a share for 10 cents, if you win, you'll make a 90 cent profit. And if you buy a share for 90 cents and it resolves to a win, you'll make a 10 cent profit. So the lower price shares are less likely to happen, and the higher price shares are more likely to happen. Now, it's a little bit more complicated than this, but functionally, these platforms are peer to peer. Meaning if I wanna buy this share at 40 cents. There has to be someone on the other side who is willing to sell that to me. So just like on the stock market, you have market makers and market takers. So on these platforms, you can do two different types of orders. You can create a limit order where you stake liquidity and say, hey, I'm willing to buy this share at this price. And by doing this, you save on fees when someone comes around and says, hey, yeah, I'll take that at that price. Or you can just come in as a buyer and take from someone who has a limit order and pay a little bit more fees, but execute a trade immediately. Now, when it comes to strategy, it's really important to understand volume and how this affects different markets and how this affects getting different payouts at different price points. For example, let's say you wanna lock in a position for who is going to be the president of the United States in 2028. There's gonna be like 30, 40, 50, 100 million dollars in total volume being traded on different candidates. But if you wanna vote who's gonna be voted out next tonight on this one episode of survivor, there could only be 20 to 30 thousand dollars of volume. Meaning it's not possible to put a 50 thousand dollar bet on a market that only has 30 thousand dollars of total volume. And if you do, Wanna place a big bet on a market that has low volume? You're gonna get what's called slippage, meaning there's not gonna be enough people offering to sell shares for how much you wanna buy at that price. So you might wanna buy 10 thousand dollars at 50 cents a share. There's not even close to being $10,000 worth of shares on the market maker side. So you would have to buy all the shares at 50, 51, 52, 53, 54 all the way up to 70 or whatever to get that total volume of $10,000 that you're putting up. Which ultimately would affect your payout and slip a little bit on how much you'd make now depending on your strategy. Some other benefits to using prediction market platforms compared to trading or sports betting platforms is they are open 24 7, they don't close on the weekends. And for sports betting they never freeze the lines, they never lock the bet. So you can't place a bet towards the end of the game or if someone hits a walk off Homer. With prediction markets, if you can just act faster than someone else, you can a lot of times steal liquidity on something that you shouldn't be able to. For example, if you're at a game live and someone hits a knock down three to win the game when it's a walk off Homer, someone gets knocked out at a U F C. Fight a lot of times if You can just place in a position at 10 seconds before everyone else even sees it live on television. You can literally steal all those limit orders and make pretty much guaranteed money. Again, these markets are open 24 7, but you also don't have to hold your shares until resolution. If I buy Gavin Newsom to be the 2028 presidential nominee for 2028 at let's say 20 cents a share, and over the course of the next three months, long before 2028, those shares go from being worth 20 cents to maybe 60 cents, I can just go sell those shares and make a 200% profit. You don't have to wait for the resolution to get the payout. These are some of the main key points to understand about prediction markets compared to other platforms. Maybe this video was a little bit all over the place, but hopefully you learn something new from watching this video. If you're still watching, I can tell that you're interested in prediction markets to watch a three minute and 30 second video about them. So if you're still watching, follow my page because all I do is post free content like this that's going to educate you and help you make more money on these platforms.