I don't want voters in my district or across this country to be fooled. We are being governed by a criminal enterprise in the Trump administration. Other far left Democrats lost elections this week in Illinois. It was not just Katy A bouga zila. We should tax billionaires out of existence. So no billionaires. No billionaires. No one should have a billion dollars. That allows you to abuse the economy. It allows you to abuse your workers. We will start looking at this person, Janae Ahmed. Some of the clips of him leading up to election night in Illinois. I'm with Janae. Please join me. I'm with Janae. Join me. I'm with Janae. Join us. I am Janae and I'm with you. Together we can bring the progressive change we deserve. Saw some pretty big endorsements. Of course. Bernie Sanders, big name recognition there. Here's part of a video from Janae. Abolish ICE. Give me a break. Janae here. Let me tell you a little bit about our campaign. I'm the progressive running for Congress from Illinois 8 congressional district, and we have been endorsed by Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, among others. We're fighting to abolish ICE, pass Medicare for all, and make life affordable for working people. My point. So Elizabeth Warren as well. Quite a few endorsements for Juanita. I'll sneak this one in here quickly. Mark Ruffalo apparently loves giving public support for these far left Democrats, everyone. Tuesday is the primary Election Day. Vote for Juanita. Not for eight pack, not for the billionaires. He had a video for Abu Ghazaleh as well. I'm going to talk about this later in the video, so I won't get into it here, but the Medicare for all idea. If a lot of people on the far left actually get their way on healthcare, rich people like Mark Ruffalo, I do not think he will be happy about that. Here is Steve Kornacki on election day, but before the results were in, going over the race for Ahmed and the two main competitors. Again, political comeback. Melissa Bean, a Democrat, sort of a moderate Democrat who held the seat until 2010. She was defeated in the Tea Party wave. Republican wave of 2010. She's seeking a political comeback. Her main opponent here is expected tonight to be Junaid Ahmed. Now, he ran against Chris Murphy in a primary from the left a couple years ago. He's endorsed by Bernie Sanders, by the Justice Democrats. He got smoked by Chris Murphy, but there is some familiarity. We've seen a lot of energy on the left. There are other candidates in this race, so see what happens in that district tonight, too. We'll get to a different race after this clip, but here is Melissa Bean defeating Jannae Ahmed. Some people are still enjoying some of that celebratory cake that's behind us. This after Melissa Bean has now clenched a Victory in this democratic primary. Ahmed didn't lose by that much. It says here. Bean, 31.8. Ahmed, 26.7. The next far left candidate we will cover is named Bushra Amiwala. She was actually in the same race as Kat Abu Ghazala. Some people, at least this guy, were questioning whether or not she should have dropped out to not split the vote. Bushra Amiwala remains defiant and said, uh, that she's not dropping out after there was a new poll release showing that Kat was in second place. After deep reflection and a lot of careful consideration made by my team, we've decided it made a lot of sense to make this video. I'm not going anywhere. Taking a look at this video here from Bushra. We will be out of fresh, clean drinking water by 2040. We must ban, at the federal level, any A I. Data center from using fresh, clean drinking water to cool their data centers down. If we continue to use fresh, clean drinking water at the pace that we had, we will be out of fresh, clean drinking water by 2040.